a man kicks something or someone with his left leg.
the standing person kicks with their left foot before going back to their original stance.
a man kicks with something or someone with his left leg.
he is flying kick with his left leg
a man squats extraordinarily low then bolts up in an unsatisfactory jump.
a person falls to the ground in a sitting motion and then pops back up in a standing position.
a person squats down then jumps
a descends into a falling motion and thens bounces back up.
a man full-body sideways jumps to his left.
a person jumps straight to the left.
a person jumps sideways to the left
a person jump hop to the right
a man lifts something on his left and places it down on his right.
a man picks up an unseen object to his front left and moves it to an unseen platform on this front right without moving his feet.
a man standing in place picks up something with both hands from his left hand side, and places it down at his right hand side.
the figure leans down to the right, straightens, and then leans to the left
a person stands still and flaps their elbows mimicking a chicken, bending over at the waist.
a person brings their hands to their arm pits, bends over, and flaps their arms like a chicken
the person is flapping his arms like a chicken.
a person walks slowly forward then toward the left hand side and stands facing that direction.
a person walks forward on an angle to the right
a person walks diagonally forward and to the left.
a person walks and then makes a right turn.
a person puts their hands on their knee, then gets up and walks towards the right.
person person is posing with his hands on his knees.
a person puts his hands on his thighs.
a man is walking forward, favoring his left leg and shifting his walk. he is possibly drunk.
a person starts at the top of stairs and at a regular pace walks down stairs.
a person is walking and then steps over something.
a man walks forward then stops.
a man performs a squat while lifting his arms to shoulder height and hands above his head.
a person squats and raises both arms and then stand backup.
a person does a squat and raises both arms over its head.
a person squats down and puts their hands above their head
a man waves his right hand.
person raises right hand, waves, then lowers hand.
a man waves his right forearm and hand from side to side.
person waves with their right arm
a man pats his left hand with his right hand.
person uses his right hand to tap on the wrist of his left wrist like he's using a wrist watch or smart watch
with their left hand, the person raises it up, and with their right hand, they tap on their left wrist with their finger, seeming to give a time-related message.
a person pats the top of the left hand with their right hand.
a man waves his hands then stands on his right leg while lifting his left.
though it is difficult to tell the figure is sitting down and most of their body is still but their arms are up by their side and the hands are in present in small jittery movements that are meant to indicate that the person is eating something, but its only possible to tell because this video is titled and not numbered, thats how slight the hand movements are.
a person sits down with arms bent at the elbow
a person sits down and shakes an object in his right hand.
a man stumbles to his right. the motion seems surprised so he was probably pushed.
a person standing loses balance falling to the right and recovers standing
a person walks to the left.
a person stumbles to the right and recovers their balance.
person walks forward with irregular step height, turns right, walks straight forward normal, turns right, and steps up onto something before continuing to walk forward.
person is walking on uneven terrain.
the person walks diagionally twice before then taking a step both up and down
a person walks around in a clockwise circle
person walking casually in circular motion
the person is walking swinging his arms
a person is drinking something.
a person takes a phone call with their right hand
a man lifts an object to his head with his right hand.
a person bends their left arm at the elbow and raises their right arm towards it, then lowers both arms
someone is playing the violin
while holding their left arm in the air, a person makes a single sawing motion with their right hand.
a person kicks with their right leg
a person kicks something with their right foot.
a man kicks something from the ground with his right leg.
a person sways left and shakes their right hip, then sways right and shakes their left hip.
he wiggles his right leg back and forth and then shifts to his left leg and does the same motion
a person swivels their right leg then their left leg
person jogs around to the left and right
a person is performing a right to left jogging move.
a man runs to the right then runs to the left then back to the middle.
a person is walking forward briskly.
the figure plants four steps leading with it's left foot, with a fifth step not planted.
person is walking without their arms swinging
person is walking normally in a circle
a person takes eight steps forming a complete circle
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is walking and then makes a sharp turn right.
a person walks forward, turns 180 degrees and walk back the opposite direction.
he slowly walking forward towards something.
a person walks slowly forward.
a step forward then a large step like walking over something then back to normal.
person is doing a hand stand
a person does a handstand.
a person puts its hands on the floor and does a handstand.
a person raised the hadns and started to hit with arms
a person repeatedly hitting a punching bag while moving around the target and dodging the bag.
person hops from left to right foot, throwing punches while occasionally dodging one.
person bends down and looks around whilst walking in a counter-clockwise circle
the person slowly walks in a circular motion with their backs hunch over.
a person walk slowly while in a crouching position.
a person punches with their right hand before they do a counterclockwise spin.
a person punches their first forward, then spins around
the person steps back, takes a solid stance and spins toward his left, then walks back to the original position.
person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person walks backwards in a straight line then stops.
a person walking backwards slowly
man fix his tie in the mirror
person puts their hands up to their shoulder area then drops them
a person bends their arms at the elbow and then lowers them
a persons throws 2 uppercuts and 2 jabs with the left hand.
a person swings his right arm toward himself, then thrusts it out away from his body a couple times.
person is punching with their right arms whilst their left arm is stationary by their side
a man walks in a counter clockwise circle, then begins to jog.
a person is walking in a circle anticlockwise, then starts to sprint halfway through
the man walks slowly from one side to the other in a diagonal fashion.  he stops, turns around, and walks half way back.
a person walks forward slowly, turns around, and then walks back.
person takes step forward, then turns around to look behind them
the person was facing forward and turned around to look behind them.
a person takes a few steps forward then slowly look back to the right behind his and hesitantly moves backwards
a person runs and jumps forward
a running man hops over something a comes down to a walk.
a person runs diagonally across a floor, skips, and continues running before he comes to a stop.
a person holds up both arms, puts them down, then gets onto all fours and rises to their knees
a man raises both arms, then kneels down.
person looks to be getting down on their knees ready for a race
a man quickly turns left using his left heel as the pivot point.
the figure walks forward, swings his left leg around and walks back.
person walks up and then spins counter clockwise then walks back
a man is blocking fighting moves with his left arm.
a man practices blocking a punch with his left arm several times
person is practicing a defensive fighting technique
a person raises his right arm and moves his left arm and left hand up and down in a regular fashion.
a person is standing and making a strumming gesture.
a person bends their arms at the elbow and moves their left arm up and down
a person walks in a straight line, in place, on a treadmill
a figure walks on a treadmill
person is walking on treadmill
a man calmly pusts his hands down and gives a short bow.
a person places hands in front of him while bowing twice.
a person bows two times, takes a step to the left, then bows again.
a person casually walks forward and then stops dramatically.
person is walking casually up to a point
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person reaches forward with his hand, then moves it out to the side and back to the middle again several times.
a person repeatedly reaches for an object and appears to put it back with their right hand.
moving hand side to side.
a person jumps straight to the left, then jumps straight back to the right.
a person jumps to the left, then jumps to the right
a person is jumping from side to side.
person bends over backwards and walks with legs in front and hands behind and walks backwards then ends on his knees.
a person bends backwards and forms a table with their hands and feet.
the person raises their arms then falls to their knees
a man with left arm over shoulder.
somebody is smelling their right armpit.
a man stretches his right arm over his head.
a person lifts their hand up to their head then lowers it
a person raises their right hand to their face.
a person raises its left hand and sets it back down.
a person seems to be testing their reach with their right hand (throwing slow punches) at all different levels while slightly pivoting their feet.
person is reaching forward with right hand at varying degrees
the person is reaching for something with his right hand.
a man rotates his right arm in a wide circle in front of him, then does the same for his left arm, hanging the left arm in the air at head height for a second.
a person moves their arms in circles, then bends down on their left side.
the bottom half of right arm goes in a circle and the bottom half of left arm goes in a circle.
a person raises his arm and wiggles his elbow twice before taking two steps back.
a person moves his right hand as if shaking a salt shaker then takes a few steps backward.
a person is swiping his right arm, then walks back
a person is jogging forward and looking at the ground
a person runs forward then stops and bends down then gets back up and run forward again.
a man walks forward two steps then bends over to catch his breath and starts running.
a person raised both their arms and started to clap.
a person is clapping his hands five times
a man claps his hands 5 times.
a person walks to the right in a partial circle.
a person walks at a normal speed diagonally across the room.
a person walks forward then turns to the right and continues to walk.
a person raises there arms towards there shoulders
person lifts their hands up twice on the same spot
a person raises its arms then puts them back down 3 times.
he is waving with his right hand
a person lifts their right arm up, waves rapidly, and then lowers it back down to the side.
a person waves with their right hand.
the person is lifting something with his left hand.
a person is arm wrestling with another and loses twice.
swings his right arm in different directions, maybe to stop pain or numbness?
the figure walks forward and looks like he trips on something.
a person walks forward and stumbles
a person walks forward and stumbles to the left, then continues to walk.
the man carefully sits down on the ground and then stands back up
person sits slowly on the floor but then stands up again
a person sits and gets back up.
a person is walking a tightrope trying not to fall.
the figure has both arms out as if it is balancing on a tight rope.
a person looks around, raises their arms straight out, then walks forward one foot in front of another
a person walking around in a room
a person is walking around the room.
a man walks in an uneven clockwise circle, stopping before he returns to his starting point.
someone stands in one spot and claps
a person claps his hands
the person is facing forward clapping.
a figure walks forward confidently
a person walks forward with their arms swinging gently forward and backwards.
a man walks on a treadmill.
three sidesteps to the right, then three sidesteps to the left and a small step back
a person shuffles from the left to the right, then shuffles back to the left.
a man takes a couple steps to his left and then returns to the startingposition by stepping to his right.  finally he takes a small step backward.
a person does small movements as if they were imitating cooking. like adding spices to a dish or moving a pan.
a person cleaning their right arm
a person walks forward and grabs something
person is jumping up and down slightly on the spot
a person jumps up and down twice.
a person with raised arms performs short hops
the man appears to be dancing, in a sort of salsa type of style.
man dancing the salsa alone
person is doing a salsa dance
a man walks counter-clockwise, in a circle, takes 7 steps and then sits down just before getting back to where he started.
the person walked around them to the right and sat on the ground.
a person enters an area, walks in a curve to their left, then sits down and places their hands behind them almost in a laying position.
person walks up then takes a large step to their left and then goes back onto the same path they were on
a person casually walks abruptly steps left and then recovers to a straight walk.
a person walks forward then quickly shuffles to the left then walks back to the right.
a man kicks the ground behind him with his right foot, then walks backwards, then jogs before a few steps, then walks backwards again.
a figure prepares to kick a football field goal
the person backed up then ram forward and kick the soccer ball than that up again.
person is running on the spot but at 2x speed
a person lifting one leg bent at the knee then the other the same way in a fast running in place motion.
a person runs in place, then stands still
a person walks one way then backtracks
the figure walks forward and slightly to the left and then back to the starting position.
person walks up then turns around and walks back casually
he moved backwards and then start dancing
the person takes small steps in an arc while hopping
a person starts walking in a straight line, then starts jogging on the spot, and then jogs in a circle.
a person throws and upper cut with his right hand.
a person swings their right arm in a backhand motion and then swings it forward in an uppercut motion.
person uses their right arm to point at something/someone and their points in another direction
a person walks forward while making small adjustments left and right
person walks then steps over something
a person walks forward, stepping over an object, then continuing to walk and stop after.
a person leaps forward then stands straight.
a person completes one large hop forward
a man jumps forward and swings his arms.
a man walking forward slowly.
a person slowly walks forward and then stands still.
a person walks slowly in a straight line.
man reaches down to the left as to pick up item and then reaches to the right as if emptying item then replaces it to the left.
a person picks something up with both hands, tilts it, then sets it down
someone lifts something up with both hands, dumps it out on the right side, and then sets it back down.
the foward facing figure starts with its arms spread, it walks forward two steps and bends forward; making a scrubbing motion with its left hand.
a person walks forward two steps, reaches out with his right hand and moves the hand in a circular wiping motion.
the person walks forward and scrubs something with his right hand.
individual appears to be in a constant flrx.
a person stands still with their hands on their legs, then moves their arms
a person is standing with both hands in front of them, then raises both arms up at the shoulder.
a person walks in a s shaped pattern back and forth across the square area.
a person turns left, then turns right, then turns left again.
a person walks several steps to the right, turns to the left, walks several steps, turns and takes several steps to the right, then turns and steps to the left.
a person jumps in front of them.
a person bends their knees and hops forward.
he is jumping from one point to another.
person lifts and object and places it to their right
looks like a person is pretending to lift something from his left side and move it to his right side
a person uses both hands to pick something up then set it down to the side
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
the person puts one foot in front of the other in a slow walking pace.
this person walked forward slowly.
a person shrugs their shoulders and swings their arms.
someone is swinging their arms around their body back and fourth and then stops.
a person raises both arms in front of himself, then drops them into a casual swing.
using their left hand, the person holds the neck of an air guitar, and with their right hand, they make strumming motions.
a person briefly strums a guitar.
a man strums an instrument with his right hand.
a sitting person pushes themselves up with their left foot and walks to the side to extend both their arms to the side of their body
a man stands up, walks a few steps and stretches out his arms
a person who was sitting down and the walked away ; then stood in a t pose
a person standing brings hands together in front of him to applaud
he stands and then start clapping and then move hands to initial position.
a person raises both its arm, and claps, then brings its arms back down.
the person is laughing very hard.
a person imitates laughing, drifting from side to side, while flapping with both hands, and then his right hand
the figure clutches its stomach with two hands they lift together as if happy the right hand(red side)  slaps at the air in the same manner before clutching the stomach again before resting at the sides.
he is running straight and stopped.
a person jog in the forward direction.
person jobs up a few paces in a straight line and stops
a person walks forward, spins around, and walks back
person walks up and spins round then walks back
the person took 2 steps, spins on right foot and returns to starting position
a person lays on the ground.
a man lies on his stomach with arms and legs spread, and then looks both ways.
a person is on their stomach turning their hand from left to right.
person walks up then bumps into something and takes a slight step back then continues walking
a person walks forward then stumbles backward and walks forward again
a man walks forward is pushed backwards but recovers quickly and continues to walk forward.
a man turns and walks in an arc to the left.
a person walks in an arc to their left
a person brings their hands to their face area and makes a motion similar to brushing their hair.
a person lifts their right hand up and moves it around, occasionally bringing up their left hand.
getting ready to brush their teeth.
a man raises his arms and then puts his hands on his knees.
a person lifts both arms out to their side, then returns them to their thighs while sitting.
sitting with arms outstretched.
a person stretched right arm up and over to the left, then left arm up and over to the right
person is stretching by putting their right arm over their head and bending their body to their right and vice versa
a person stretches to one side with their arm over their head, then stretches to the other side
a person is holding his left hand up while walking to the right.  he then holds both hands up while continuing to walk.
walking in a circle with his hands on his head.
a person walks in a circular path first with one object on their right shoulder supported with their right hand and then picks up an object with their left hand and places it on their left shoulder supported by their left hand.
a figure walks slowly in a circle then stops, turns, and raises their arms
the man walks aimlessly in a circle stops and raises his arms.
a person walks left in a clovkwise motion until they turn, walking off course.
a person jogs in place
a person is jogging on the spot.
person jogs on the spot
the person is standing relaxed, walks forward then turns around on their left foot, and walks back to their original position.
a person walks forward, turns, and walks down the same path
someone walks forward, turns around, and then walks back.
person jogs up a few paces then stops
a person jogs forward slightly towards the right.
a man runs forward fast.
figure appears to be moving items one at a time from left to right
a person picks things up and passes them to the right.
a person picks something up and moves it from their right to their left with their left hand and then with both hands.
someone is folding their arms
person has their arms crossed on their chest
a person crosses their arms and places their hands on their shoulders then places their hands by their side.
a person sits down and keeps shifting his position, stands up, takes a few steps and turns around.
a person sits down and adjusts themselves before standing back up.
a person sits down and shifts around several times then stands up, turns around and reaches towards the object they were sitting on.
the person took one step back, one step to the right, one step forward and one step to the left to complete a box then took one more step back and did a side step while turning in  a full arc
a man taking steps forward, back, left and right.
a person steps around in circles.
the person is focused on walkind and pacing around.
a person leaping forward over something.
a person jumps over something, then turns around and jumps back over it.
person is walking down the stairs with their arms by their side
a person takes seven quick, short steps forward.
a person runs forward then slows down
a person is carrying a heavy object in the right hand.
a man lowered their right arm, grasp with their right hand, and started to walk forward.
person looks like they pick up a baggage and walks with it
a man walks backwards with both hands by his side.
a man walks straight backwards.
person is walking straight backwards
a man crosses both arms.
a person, standing, crosses their arms and then uncrosses them.
person crosses their arms over each other on the spot
a person sits and puts their hands up, then moves their hands from side to side.
person looks like they're driving a race car
he puts his right hand down to shift the gears of the car and then he places his right hand back on the steering wheel and takes off.
a person walks forward then stops
a figure walking down an incline.
a person slowly walking home
a man waves with his right hand.
someone waves with their right hand and then puts their arm back down.
a person waves with their right arm
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person takes two steps forward, spins around clockwise in the opposite direction, and takes two steps back.
a person zig zagging in line
a person steps backward, jumps up, runs forward, then runs backward.
person takes a step back and then jumps up and walks forwards
a person kicks in the air, runs forward and then trots backward to their original location.
a person walks forward, hops backwards, then defends themselves by putting their hands up in defense
a man walks backwards then punches and then kicks.
a person staggers backwards and takes a fighting stance. they strafe right, block with both hands, then perform a forward lunging kick with their right leg.
a person walks around an object and seems to be wiping the object.
the man bends to wipe something steps around it and wipes again.
a person seeming to be organizing a room.
person walks forwards slowly and normally without swinging arms
someone gingerly steps over several gaps in the floor.
the figure walks slowly and takes a few rather lumbering steps foward, their arms sway gently beside their sides and give off an altogether rather unaffected air.
a person drive a car
a person who is sitting with their arms bent turns their arms back and forth
person sitting tapping feet and arms driving a steering wheel
the person takes a small step to the side, they then take a step back, pivots and turns like a dance, takes a step forward, then pivots and turns like a dance to step backwards, then pivots and and turns like a dance to take a step forward, then pivots and turns to take a step backwards. all while taking these steps, the arms are in a neutral position.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle while rotating their body counter-clockwise.
the person is facing forward, steps sideways with the left foot and then the right follows. then the person steps back with the left foot and while the right foot follows the person turns its body to face the right side of the room completely. then the person take a large step forward with the right foot while turning the body to face backwards from where the person originally started facing. then the person steps backward, turns his bosy again to face the left side, and then back to the front. all of this made a rectangular shape.
someone steps to the side, takes a seat in a chair, and then gets back grabbing the arm rests.
a person steps back and to the left and appears to sit, then stands up and steps forward.
a person sidesteps, sits down, then stands up
a person waving with the left hand.
a person waves their left hand above their head
a person raises their left arm and waves their hand side to side.
a person holds both of their hands together, then raises their right hand up to their face.
he does a gesture while doing kudo
a person brings hands together as if using an object and then raises right hand and (object) to ear as if talking on the phone.
a man raises both arms and waves.
a person waving at the crowd
a person waves both hands across his body.
a person moves forward quickly, and spins while twirling their arms above their head
he walks forward quickly and starts to dance. raises his right hand above his head and twirls. swings multiple times as if doing ballet.
someone dancing like a ballerina
takes three steps to their right, then six steps to their left, then back to the right for two steps.
a man side steps to the right, then side steps to the left, then side steps to the right.
a man walks to his right then to his left and then to his rights again.
a person moves their left arm at head level back and forth
a man waves his left hand first right and left and then up and down.
this person is standing straight, raises and shakes hand up once then down three times.
a person slightly bent over with left hand pressing against the air walks forward slowly
the man is walking slowly
a person walks forward slowly, while their left hand is slightly elevated.
a man walks in a circle then lays down and then gets back up and starts walking again.
a person walks angrily in a clockwise circle before lying down
a person walks in a circle and then lays down.
a person walks forward rather slowly.
a person walks forward in a clumsy way
a man walks forwards and then stops.
a man raises its right arm.
a person with his right arm down raises only the forearm to the height of his neck.
a person raises their right hand.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward while holding their arms still
individual appears to run and jump.
a person runs and then jumps and stops, then continues to run forward.
a person runs forward, jumps, then continues running
a person holds something with both hands then throws it with their right hand and then lifts their left foot behind them.
a person gets a small ball and throws it with his right hand then kicks his left leg back.
a person faces to the left, raises their hands to the center of their chest, steps back on the right food and draws back the right hand preparing to throw something, then shifts right hip and body forward, throws with a follow-through, then picks up left leg, grabbing the left foot with the right arm.
person is walking at a normal pace in random directions
someone is walking around thinking
a person walks back and forth down a stretch, but it largely moves to the right overall.
the person jumped up and it’s holding his hands up trying to reach for something on his tippy toes.
person is doing some sort of dance
the man dances around on his toes with his arms in the air.
a person bends his right elbow with his right hand in front and palm facing down, puts his right hand back down, bends both elbows with hands in front and palms facing down, moves his forearms from right to left twice, then moves his right hand down and in front of him while his left hand moves down at his side, and finally moves right hand back down at his side.
a man picks up something with his right hand, slides forearms back and forth in front of chest, picks up something and places it down.
standing in one spot. bends one arm at elbow lifts hand, lowers, bends both arms at elbows with hands up and swings left to right twice then puts both arms back down
the man is making gestures
a person dances to the right, with their arms up, bending at the elbows. they turn around and dance back to the left with their right arm higher than the left.
walking forward with hands toward face.
a person stands facing down the path, casually swaying for a moment then proceeds to walk a few steps forward, swinging its arms casually.
a man takes a slight step backwards and then slowly walks straight.
a person walks forward slowly
a person raises both hands into fists, turns sideways and punches out with their left hand, then lowers both hands.
a person raises both arms and punch's with its right arm.
someone deals a punch with their right hand.
a person walks forward while slightly favoring the left.
a person walks forward and stops
a person walks forward while holding their arms still
a person runs forward fast.
person runs up with their legs swinging around then stops
a person runs forward then stops
someone is jumping up and down with their elbows bent and their arms out in front if them.
a person jumps up and down while standing in place with both arms above waste and bent at the elbow
the figure bends its knees, moves its arms, and jumps two times
a person walks backwards slowly
a person walks backwards then stops.
a person walks backward, then stands still.
a man jumps with both feet three times forward.
a person on the top of a ramp jumps with both legs all the way down to the bottom.
a person standing on the top of a sloped object hops three times until he reaches the base of the object.
a person walking forward motion.
person walks up and puts their left leg on an object
a person walks forward and then raises his right leg to scratch his knee.
a man walks forward then turns around and sits, then gets up and walks back.
person walks up the turns around and sits down then gets back up and walks back
a man walks forward, turns around, sits on something and then walks back to where he started.
a person walking in a store
a person starts walking and veers off on a curve towards the left.
a person walks in an arch
person puts their hands up to their mouth area like they're shouting
a person puts their hands up to their head then lowers them
individual appears to be conducting a hand and arm movement near the ideal face location.
a person wobbles as they walk forward.
a person walks forward, then stutters on his right leg as it appears he stepped in something.
a person walks wobbly down an incline
a person crosses its arm
a person crosses their arms and then puts them back down.
a man standing in place crosses his arms together then uncrosses them.
a person walks forwards then stops.
a person walks  5 steps straight ahead and stops.
a man walks forwards at high speed, while swinging his arms.
a person dials a phone and holds it to their right ear.
a person is holding something and tapping it, then raises it to his ear.
a man dials a mobile phone and then puts it to his ear.
a person throws a football the steps left and cradles their hand as if it was hurt.
a person is standing and uses left hand to throw or indicate something. the person then bends forward with hands together as if they are catching something.
a person throws an object with their right hand and catch an object with both hands.
a person turns a steering wheel.
the person appears to be sittings with their knees to their chest, their feet are wiggiling up and down and their arms which are braced to their sides are alternating up and down in small incraments.
the man is sitting down, moving his arms up down and stomping his feet on the ground.
a person leans down with their hands in front of their head, trying to dodge something
a person standing in a wide stance with bent arms in front in a blocking position ducks to his right
the figure looks like he is dodging something.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks counter-clock wise circle.
a person walks counterclockwise slightly swinging their arms.
person quickly moves to their left like avoiding something
a person jumps to the side, then stands still.
a man takes a large quick step to his left then stops.
the person is doing a t-pose
a person is balancing on something.
a person with both its arm raised.
a person holds their arms up then lowers them, then bends their arms at the elbow and moves back and forth
a man with outstretched arms drops them to his side, then brings his hands up to chest height, then extends his hands out and back in two times.
person moves their arms up to their breast area then spreads them out like the sign to show no.
a person who has their arms up and then puts there arms down and steps back and lunges forward
a man steps backwards slowly and sprints forward quickly.
a person gets ready and plays tennis.
a person is pretending to be a chicken
the standing person brings their hands up to their armpits and flaps their elbows up and down repeatedly.
we have someone acting like a duck
a person picks up an item then reaches over to wipe an item then returns the first item to its original container.
a person is moving and making gestures as if they're cleaning something.
a man picks up something to his right side with right hand and uses it to wash something to his left side, then he puts the thing back.
a person does the cat walk
a person paces back and forth walking in straight lines, he turns back and forth multiple times.
a person casually walks forward, rotates on the spot, walks back the way they came and turns again
a person is picking up an object off the ground.
a person moving arms and body as if they feel defeated
person is holding head and standing there.
the person raises their right arm and brings their hand to their face.
a person uses their right hand to tilt something towards their head
a man raises his right arm then brings it back down.
a person jumps up and down twice while raising its arms.
a person jumps up and down two times.
person has their arms up and jumps on the spot
person throws a right jab and then moves back.
the person hops forward, lashes out with the back of their right hand, and steps back.
a persons throws a backfist with his right hand.
the person picks up the bottle of wax then wipes down the car
the person is going to dry their left arm.
person has both arms extended  to side then turns around and picks something up
someone jumps off a raised platform and catches their balance as they land.
a person jumps from a higher location to the floor, swinging their arms to regain balance then turns around and walks toward the back.
a person jumps off an edge and lands on both feet and staggers around to the side
a person holds their left leg with their left arm and leans forward, then puts their leg down
a person steps forward then picks up their left leg by their foot then they turn it slightly counter clockwise
the person uses his left hand to stretch his left leg
a person makes a big motion with their left arm
a person tiltes their body to their right while raising their left arm all the way up and swatting it forward.
the figure swings its arm as if it is swinging a tennis racquet.
someone kneels down and grabs an object with their right hand.
a person takes a step forward and kneels down.
a person walks forward and kneels down bracing with their right hand.
a person waves with their right hand and than waves with their left hand.
he is moving his left hand in upward direction and right in downward direction.
a person is standing doing alternating arm raises.
person walks straight casually with arms slightly swinging
a person slowly walks down some stairs.
a person walking down the road
a person sitting down raises its left hand.
a man lifts his left arm towards his face.
he is sitting while his right hand touching the knee and left hand moving to the head
a person walking forward, swing their right arm upwards.
a person walks forward and gives someone else a high-five with their right hand.
walks forwards and swings right arm for a high five then drops arm back down.
someone walks backward beginning with the left foot while progressively swinging the left arm back and forth harder and harder with each swing.
a person starts to walk backwards.
a person takes thirteen steps backward
a person holds their right arm bent at the elbow and bends their left arm up and down
someone strains to raise and lower a dumbell in their left hand.
a person stands with their right arm out, bent at the elbow. their left arm is forward, curling up at the elbow.
person goes forward bangs into something whilst putting right hand out to head
the person takes four steps then get hit in the head bringing their hands up to cover head.
a person walks forward, then cringes as if they were just hit in the head with a ball.
a person hops on his right foot, turns and steps on his right foot, turns and steps left foot, the a long step right foot.
a person jumps down then walks to side, turns left then climbs up and turns left.
a person is hopping and walking over things.
person puts their hands on something and attempts to push it
a person steps forward on their right foot and attempts to push something with both hands as their left foot raises in the air.
a man takes a step forward, leans on something and then steps back into a relaxed pose.
a person jumps, spins completely around in a circle an lands.
a man jumps and spins counter-clockwise.
a man jumps straight up while spinning in a counter clockwise motion then stumbles slightly to his left hand side.
the person hits the tennis ball with the racket
a person swings their arms together to hit something.
a man is performing a swinging motion of both hands.
the man leans over to pick something up, comes back to standing position, walks forward, picks another thing up, and turns around to walk back
a person picks something up with their right hand, walks forward, puts it down, and walks back
a person bends over and picks something up, walks forward and picks up a second item and turns 180 degrees and begins to walk away.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while bent forward at the waist, and holding their right leg with both hands.
a person walks forward and then turns around and then to the right while holding their left hand on their knee and their right hand on the back of their thigh
a person walks in a clockwise circle dragging his right foot.
a person side steps to the right 5 times then side steps to the left 3 times.
a person takes 5 side steps right then 3 side steps back left.
walking side to side.
a man puts his hand on his head multiple times.
a person waves their right arm, lifts their hand and lowers it while their arm is still up.
the person was patting himself on the head
a figure walking in a straight line, swinging their left arm far greater than the right arm.
someone walking forward with their arms swinging
someone is walking with both of their hands swinging by their side.
a person slowly jumpropes, occasionally switching between two and one leg.
a person jumps, waving their hands in a circle.
a person jumps rope skipping fro right to left foot, and then jumping with both.
a person strides swiftly in a straight line
a person walks forward at a medium speed.
a person walks swiftly in a straight line swinging their arms back and forth as they move forward.
he is running from left to right.
a person is running forward and diagonal to the left.
a person is standing facing forward and sways a little while moving their hands as if they were talking.
no idea i am sorry
person flexing arms and moving them inwards twords chest.
with both arms extended, bent at the elbows, and pointed downward towards the hip, a person performs a partial squat-like motion by bending the left knee slightly while leaving the right leg mostly extended.
a person squats very slightly.
someone bounces up and down with their arms to the side and elbows slightly bent.
a person opens something like a bottle, then tilts it to drink from it
hands in air doing a climbing upward motion.
a man reaches his arms up above his head, one at a time, then back down to his sides.
person looks to be controlling a vehicle with both hands on the steering wheel and uses their right hand to change gear
a person is squatted raising and lowering their arms
a person is sitting low in a seat, controlling a steering wheel in his hands.
person is stretching by wrapping one arm around the other and having the stretching arm out to their side.
the figure brings the right arm across the body, pulls the right wrist with the left hand, returns arms to sides, then brings the left hand across the front of the body, pulls the left wrist with the right hand, then returns arms to sides.
a person is standing doing alternating arm stretches.
person sits down then stands back up and repeats twice
a person sits down slightly and gets back up.
a person sits down and then stands up.
a person steps back and then goes down into a crawling circular motion.
a person turns to the left and gets down on his hands and crawls forward, towards the left, then crawls back to the area he started and gets up.
a person steps back, then crawls back and forth, then stands
person walks backwards and sits down then gets back and and walks forwards
a person walks backwards with legs spread apart, squats to sit, stands back up and walks forward in wide stance.
the guy walk backwards sit on the bench then stand up and walk forward.
a man lifts himself from a squat and walks to the left.
the person is squatting with their hands in front of them.
a person is sitting with both hands together.
the person is walking to the left like a robot.
a person walks around like a robot
person is walking forward like a robot
a person walks forward then stops
this person takes four steps forward in a straight line.
a person starts to walk forward.
this person begins to run forward in a counterclockwise circle, and then, they quickly turn around to run in a clockwise circle.
a person runs forward, then turns around to run in a circle.
person is running around in a circle.
a person crosses their arms then moves their hands
person has their arms/hands touching something above their waist on the spot
a person gestures opening something and then raises their arm.
a man walks, anti-clockwise, in a circle.
a person walk counter-clockwise in a circle.
a person walking around on circles
the sim moves across the plane in a athletic fashion appearing to use their right leg in a exercise routine going to the end of the plane, doing the motion again on the way back to the center of the plane.
a person clumsily stumbles while walking diagonally to his right, turns around, and clumsily stumbles halfway in the other direction.
moving forward and backward with no control and balance on the body.
person walks forward several paces, stops and then does a little jump.
a person walks down some stairs
someone walks forward and then jumps up.
a person walking forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward, with both their arms by their side.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person is performing a side stepping dance.
a person doges right and left.
dodges kaiwa with turning right and left
someone walks slowly clockwise in a complete circle and then stops.
the person walks slowly and without purpose in a circle pattern in the room.
someone walks clockwise in a circle and then stops.
a person slowly walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a stick figure walks in a counterclockwise direction.
someone walks counter-clockwise in a circle.
a person steps forward slightly then leans back to sit down.
a person goes from standing to sitting down.
a person steps forward then squats down
a man walks forward a couple steps then halts and walks in place.
walking up stairs, starts at a lower y axis and ends up higher.
a person walks forward a few steps and then walks in place a few more steps.
a person walks forward up stairs, then comes back down them
a person walks forward and climbs up something then turns around and climb back down.
a person confidently walks up a flight of stairs, turns, and walks back down.
the sim steps forward throwing an object with their right hand.
a person swings his right hand in the air.
a person steps forward to throw a disc then steps backwards
a person turns around and walks forward picking things up from the ground then turns around at their destination.
the figure walks from the bottom left to the top right of the square, and bends down as if picking something up twice.  then it turns around.
the person is walking diagonally placing something on the ground.
a person skips forward then twirls around while moving their arms
the person a moving downwards while hopping around and spinning
someone positions their self into a ballet dance, flutters their hands in circular motions, steps into a spin and kicks as they spin into their final pose.
person puts their left arm around their head/ear area
a person holds their arm to their head then lowers it
this person is drinking something from a cup that was in their right hand.
the person presses something with their right hand before walking in an anti clockwise circle
a person walks in a counter-clockwise oval
the person did something with his hand then walked around in a circle.
a person raises their left arm halfway, moves it in a circular motion 5 times, then lowers their arm back down.
a person moves their left arm in a circular motion
a person puts their left hand out in front of them and moves it around in circles.
a man quickly walks in place.
the sim appears to be exercising on a treadmill or going on a moderate walk.
a person walking in place.
a person who is standing with his arms extended shoulder height from his sides drops his arms, reaches out with his right hand and slides something from left to right, reaches up with his right hand and slides something from top to bottom and then points his right hand forward.
the person is calling his arms out and then running some thing are crossed in front of him.
moving arms in a circular motion.
he stomps his left feet
a person stomps their left foot
a person stomps with their left leg.
the person walks confidently forward and then continues walking while turning around clockwise the way it started.
a man walks counter clockwise with a swagger
the subject walks forward with a strut turns left takes a few steps and turns left again and walks with a strut towards their original starting spot.
a person briskly runs down steps and then jumps up with both feet.
a person jobs down stairs then jumps once
person walks down the stairs whilst holding the rail slightly quick then jumps when is at the bottom
someone walks forward two steps and kicks their right leg up to turn around and walk two steps.
a person walks forward, twirls around, then walks back to where it started.
person walks forwards then spins around and walks back
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides leans to his left, leans back to his center, then slowly lifts both arms and hands chest high in front of his body.
he does a ta chi
a person leans left then slowly raises both arms outward to chest height.
a lady kicks a ball while sprinting to get it into the goal for her team.
a person appears to be swimming.
a person is swimming slowly.
a figure exercises by many movements.
a person slowly walks in a circle and then starts jogging in a circle.
a man walks leisurely in a circle to the left, then begins to jog in the same direction.
a person starts off in a jogging motion and then slows to a walk.
a person jogs forward and changes into a walk.
a person jumps backwards slowly.
someone jumps backward with both feet.
a person jumps backwards as a crack forms in the ground underneath them.
a person takes two steps to their left, sits down, then stands and takes two steps to their right
person takes a step to their left and sits down on a chair then gets back up
the person shuffled to the left and sat down then got up and shuffled back to the right
a person grabbed the head with both hands
a person is holding its head with its hands, bent down, moving from side to side.
a person is holding their hands up to their face and slightly waving them.
the figure walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a man walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
a man like figure walks round in a circular motion and stops on the very spot he started from.
a person is running on a treadmill
a person is running a steady pace on a treadmill.
a person is running on a treadmill.
a person walks slowly turning to the right.
a person is walking and then makes a right turn.
he walked from right to left and stand.
a person takes a straight step forward and then continues walking while curving to the right.
a person shuffles and rotates to his left before taking a few steps backwards.
a person walks backwards, then waves with their left hand.
the person was facing forward and then turn to the side facing sideways.
the arms swing up moderatly fast and out to the sides of the person then the person sits down slowly as if in a chair
person holding arms up and spread out at chest height lowers arms to their sides and sits down with kness bent at 90 degree angle then right arm is moved from right hip across body to left shoulder
the sim is standing with both arms extended upward, bring them down, then takes a seat, swiping their right arm across their chest.
a person steps backwards two steps, then rushes forward a few steps and swings his right arm forward as though tossing something.
the person moves forward, throw something then moves back
a person hits a backhand hit during tennis
a person jumps up and down.
a person is jumping up and down from the ground.
the person jumps on foot.
this man walks forward, using both hands to hold on to something on either side of them to balance themselves and help them walk.
a person walks forward while using the handrails on both sides with each step.
a person slightly wobbly walks foreward while grabbing onto railings at both sides.
a person walks forward to the front and then pivots on one foot to turn around, then walks forward towards the back.
a person walks forward then turns and goes down the same path
a person walks up, turns around in a counterclockwise direction, and walks back.
a person turns around to the right and continues to walk in a u shape.
a person walks in an arc while swinging their shoulders
person is walking with a limp to their left
a man presses on object over his head using both arms.
someone is lifting a medium-weight dumbell over their head.
person is lifting dumbbells over their head
the person was walking so he could sneak up on someone.
an elderly person is walking slowly
the person tries to sneak while walking slowly
person walks back and forwards following a u shape pattern
a man walks counterclockwise in a half circle and then walks back in the opposite direction ending up where he started
a person walks back and forth in a semi circle path.
a person is standing, before stepping twice onto a plane with their left leg, shuffling, stepping down onto a plane, shuffling, then stepping over an object.
a person is walking over things.
a person climbs two steps, turns, steps down one stair, turns and steps over an obstacle.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a man raises its right arm then brings it back down.
person looks like they're throwing something
a person is swiftly walking forward in place.
a person is walking forward, swinging their arms.
he does treadmill very fast
a person takes a giant leap forward while his arms flail out to his sides.
a person jumps forward with both legs and arms outsretched and lands in a squat and then stands straight.
person takes a big jump forwards by using their arms as momentum
a person swings his arms around
a person is acting like a bear and clawing things in the air and on the ground with both hands
a person rasied the hands and made some jesture with it
a man walks forward turns to the left and then walks back in the direct he came.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, turns around abruptly, then walks back to the original position.
a person is jogging, alternating right foot and left hand moving forward, then their opposites.
a person jogs in one place.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is walking heel to toe in a straight line.
a person walking forward then stumbled an continues with poor balance
a person walks forward stops and raises its arm then walks forward again.
the body walks in a strong line, increasing speed slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks downward in a straight line carefully with one foot in front of the other.
someone is walking forward placing each foot in front of the other
a person kneels down, crawls forward several paces, turns around and stands up.
person seems to be crawling on the floor
a person kneels into a crawl, crawls towards the left while kicking their feet, turns around counter-clockwise and stands back up, takes two steps and then turns back forward.
a man walks forward knocks on a door then turns around and walks away.
a person knocks on a door
the person walks forward, makes a knocking motion with its’ hand and walks back to the starting position.
someone lifts both hands over their head to put on a hat.
a person casually adjusts the cap on his head.
he is putting his handy on his head and then taking back to the original position.
a man leans to his left, straightens and walks forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
person walks forwards casually with arms slightly swinging.
a person walks forward picks an object up, turns around and walks back in the opposite direction  and sets the object down
walking forward and moving arm.
person walking unsteadily to pick up an item to place it down at the orginal starting point
a person goes from a standing position to a bended knee while gesturing.
the figure does two side lunges.
a person does a lunge on their right leg, their left leg is very stiff and their left foot is flipping about.
a kneeling person crawls forward, turns around, crawls back, stands and turns to the left.
a man crawls in a circle in a counter clockwise direction, stands and turns to his right.
a person crawls forwards on their hands and knees, turns around, then stands up and faces left.
a person is in a seated position and making a steering gesture.
i see someone seated and turning an imaginary steering wheel
person is sitting in a vehicle and turning the steering wheel
a person walks quickly and intentionally in a zig-zag pattern forward.
someones walks forward in a side to side pattern.
walking from left to right to left then back to right
someone abruptly steps backward, seemingly surprised or startled by something.
a man walks backwards to the right.
guy move from left to right.
standing up and then walking around then sitting back down.
a person stands up walks in a clockwise circle returns to where they were and sits back down
a person, stand up and start walked and made a circle
a person pretends to catch a basketball, shoot it twice, then dribble it.
someone tossing a ball ball and forth
a person doing two jump shots and and then bouncing the basketball
a person walks up the stairs then turns around and walks down the steps while holding a rail.
a persons walks upstairs and then downstairs
a person walks up the stairs, holding the railing, turns and walks back down the stairs.
a person throws something overhand with their left arm.
a person try to throw something with his left hand and right leg forward
a person raised their left arm and swing the left arm.
the person is washing his body.
person appears to wash armpit then washes head a few times
both hands scrub the chest, right hand scrubs the head, both hands reach slightly forward then back up to the head scrubbing.
a person is walking narrowly as if on a beam.
a person walks slowly with two hands wide by keeping one leg after another as the tightrope walking.
a person walks forward holding their arms up while balancing on something
a man walks forward and raises both his arms and then drop his arms .
a person walks forward one foot in front of the other with both arms stretched out.
a person walks carefully forward over a wide beam.
a person turns to the left, walks forward, steps back and picks something up off the ground.
a person is looking for something. they turn around and walking in the opposite direction. they pass the object. they stop and back up. the reach down with their right hang to pick it up.
this person walks to the left and picks something up from the floor.
he walked straight down and pointed at something with his index finger and then turned back and moved to initial position.
a man walks forward knocks on a door and after waiting a brief period walks away.
a person walks forward, stops and shakes right wrist then turns around and walks away.
a person standing in place boxing
a toon is standing with their legs separate, both arms to the chest as to in a exercise routine.
the person quickly extends one hand at a time, usually alternating between left and right.
a person does the box step.
a person moved by making a small circle
a person is dancing mostly with their legs, arms resting to their front.
a person acting like a tiger
the man is pretending to be a mouse
a boxer lumbers up ready for a fight with a series of faux jabs.
a person standing raises both arms in front of them to be parallel to the floor.
raise both arms simultaneously with little spirit, keep them there for a moment and drop them lifelessly
someone picking up a item on the shelf
a person turns in a clock-wise direction while standing in the same spot with arms open in front of them.
person switches their stance
a person puts their arms up in a defensive stance
a man takes a few steps backwards, swings with his right arm and punches with his left arm.
person walks back then throws a left hook
a person walks backward, then punch's with both arms.
a person walks in one direction then stops, turns, and continues walking in a different direction.
a person walks forward in a quarter circle then stop and turns to walk in a straight line.
someone walks in a curve to the right, pauses and looks around before walking away.
a person is on all fours on the ground then stands up
someone working out as the get up off the floor
a person is down on their hands and knees and then rises up into a standing position.
a person walks casually forward, appearing to walk down four steps. their shoulders are neutral. both feed come together at the bottom.
a person walks down steps.
starting with their right foot, a person proceeds down a set of stairs.
a person lifts something with two hands, then tilts one side of it upwards
a person holds right arm in pain
the figure is leaning to the right, straigtens and folds his right arm over his left, leans left again, and then straightens
he is running very fast.
someone begins jogging, then comes to a sudden halt.
a person runs forward while bending their arms at the elbow
the figure walked in a curve slightly to the right.
a person walks in an arc formation in an area
a person holds something above, and swings.
a person raised arms up and pull them down
putting hands above head and swinging
this person steps forward then sits on a stool to brush off his shoe.
a person puts his hands together and sits down.
aperson slowly walked forward, adn sit down on somewhere
a person is jumping up and down.
a person jumps up and down over and over again.
a person standing up straight hops in place a few times with arms to the sides.
dancing forward and with moving of hands and legs.
a person appears to be doing a dance.
a standing  woman gracefully dances forward, from the viewer's right to left, tapping toes and swaying arms in synchrony.
a person is walking forward with very animated hand motions.
a person is walking forward and moving side to side
a person is moving in a basketball player styled motion as if dribbling a ball.
ther person is walking up a ladder, they take their left hand off the ladder and seem to examen/pickup something that might was parallel to their new height and then they transfer the object to their other hand and look at it.
person walks up and climbs a few steps then takes an object and passes it on
a person climbs up something and picks up something then puts it high up
the person is squatting, bending at the knees, keeping their back straight, while extending their arms.
a person squats down and holds out their arms
a person performing a single squat.
pushing arms in and out.
he does a right spin
the man is grabbing something and spinning back to the right
two arms are brought down to their hips and played around with he right hand
a person puts their left arm out in front of them and moves it as if arraigning things on shelves.
person is pressing some buttons in an order like a passcode
a person is moving their right hand very slightly then turns to the right and reaches.
a young man squats and extends his left hand fast to grab the ball thats on ground.
the person is drying the back of his right leg.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
person is walking straight backwards
a person walks backwards
a person appears to be doing a dance.
man has hands up to hold a partner as he dances.
a person raises their right hand to their chest and their left hand out, then step to the left and right rhythmically.
a person waves their arm above their head
a figure raises their left arm into the air and waves.
a man raises his left arm and waves.
the person is crouch down looking left to right.
a person squats, then while still in the down position and elbows out, twists from side to side.
a person is ducking with arms on head.
a person waalks forward and appears to pour two items into a bowl.
person walked over and is the mixing some thing together.
person walks forward, bends down, grabs two beverages, and pours them into one container.
person as walking forward on the treadmill
a person appears to be walking on a treadmill, stops with left foot forward.
a person walks slowly forward on a treadmill.
the person runs around in a circular like motion
a person standing up begins to jog forward and completes a figure eight loop, then almost completes one full circle by jogging counter clockwise.
the man runs in a clockwise circle the reverses counterclockwise and runs back.
a person picking up children's toys and putting them away.
a person is wiping something on their left arm.
a person moves his right and left hand in the air.
the figure takes a few slighly hurried steps without raising their arms, it looks they are about to start running but haven't quite yet begun.
a person walks down the stairs briskly.
he is running down then stopped and moved his left hand
a person holds both arms out to his sides, lowers them, lifts his left arm up in front of his face and pushes forward, drags to the left pushes forward again, drags to the lefts and pushes forward again.
moving arms towards face.
a man brings his hands down to his sides, then uses his left hand to tap something in the air in front of him, before bringing his arm back down to his side.
left arm moves in an anti-clockwise motion at waist level.
a person makes some wiping movements with their left hand.
this person is wiping something with their left hand.
a man walks foreward while swinging his elbows to the back and front.
the person steps with arms raised and moving elbows back motion.
a person walks forward, leaning from side to side, while rotating his shoulders so his hands move in and out.
a person grabs something with his right hand and raises it upward to shoulder level, returns his arm back to where it started, then raises his arm again.
a man lifts something up with his right hand, then holds it out to something at eye level to his left, brings his arm down to his side, then holds his hand out once again.
a person leans to the left and extends their right arm, then raises their right arm straight out in front of them.
the person is posing like a zombie.
the man is doing a zombie haddada
someone who is fearful and scared
a person is crouching as if leaning against a wall, then stands up and turns to their left.
a person sits with their hands on their legs, looks around, stands, and turns.
a man squats with his hands resting on his thighs,stands and then turns to the left.
a person lifts both hands toward face and then lowers them to their sides.
a person raises hands up to neck level as if holding an object and moves them from side to side.
a man raises its left and right arm then puts them back down.
person moves walks from right to left clockwise into centre
a person who walked in odd oval shape
a man walks diagonally across a room from right to left.
walked forward, turns around lifts both hands up to the side and left leg then set back down.
a person is walking then put both arms out and one leg
a person turns around, stands on one leg and does a pose
a person is pacing round a room in circles
a figure paces in a wide circular path going clockwise
a person paces back and forth three times in short loops.
a person takes a step forward with their right foot and leans forward to pick something off the ground with their right arm while lifting their left leg straight behind them and then standing back up again.
a person bends down and touches the floor with their right hand, as their left leg rises up.
a person bends forward and picks up an object in their right hand.
a person appears to be walking over obstacles. they walk forward, turn left and step up onto or over something. they then turn left and repeat the same motion. then then turn left again and do the same motion.
the person is walking on uneven terrain.
a person walks forward two steps, turns to the left walks a few steps, stepping over something then turns to the left again and walks 2 steps, then turns to the left again and walks a few steps over objects again.
a person does the motions to the tune "i'm a little teapot".
a man bends his left arm and holds it at his midsection, then holds his left arm out and to the side above eye level as he looks the opposite way, then turns to look at his hand.
a person makes a motion with his hands as if conducting an orchestra, then places left hand on hip before placing the same hand on his upward raised right arm.
a person sits and crosses their left leg over their right leg while resting both arms, before promptly standing and walking to the right.
a person sits in a chair to the left while facing right with arms on the armrests and then stands up and walks to the right.
a person walks over to a chair and sits down and then gets up again.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person pauses then takes five steps forward
a person walks forward at a medium pace
moving body from side to side with arms out.
a person seems to act like a bear! they then begin to sratch their butt after a few seconds.
a person pretends to be a bear
a person bounce sup and down on the balls of their feet.
person is jumping up and down slightly on the spot
a man gently hops but never leaves the ground.
person takes a step back like they're pushed
a person abruptly stumbles backwards.
a person walk backwards one step.
a person claps with both hands.
a person claps their hands together
person claps on the spot
the person bends over and lift arm in the sky
the person is painting a wall.
person is picking things up and raising them straight up over head
a person raises their right arm and performs a quick waving motion with their hand in a greet-like manner.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
a person stands and then waves.
someone stumbles to their right putting their right foot over their left foot.
a person stumbles to the right in a forced motion.
a person a appears to be pushed to their right, loses balance, and then stands steadily again.
person walks up onto a beam then walks across then walks down
a person steps up, walks forward, then steps down
a person is walking forward on a platform and then steps down
a man walks forward, stumbles, leans his left arm on a table, then walks backwards away from the table.
person walks up and uses their leg to push something then walks to the side
a man walks, but slightly stumbles and moves back with his right foot.
a person runs in place
a person is jogging on the spot.
person is jogging on the spot
a person slowly walked forward and after scratch with right hand
the person look for it and started wiping some thing off.
a man bends over a wipes a surface with his right hand.
a person runs to the right then runs to the left then back to the middle.
a person jogs left then to the right and back to the center finishing facing forward.
a person runs to their right and turns around to run to their left.
a person raises his left arm to look at his wrist then lowers it back down
a person raises its left arm then sets it back down.
someone raises their left arm to their chest, faces palm outward, and then puts their arm back down.
person takes something and then finely cuts something
a person grabs something with their right hand, puts it down on something, and then grabs it with the other hand and starts touching it.
a person walks forward, leans forward and moves their right arm, then stands up and steps backward
a person walks down stairs while holding a railing with his right hand.
a man with outstretched arms drops them to his side, then start walking and places his right hand on top of two objects as he walks by.
person walks forwards and uses their right arm as support
a person standing and then doing jumping jacks.
person looks like their doing jumping jacks
a person standing does a squat, then jumps and reaches with both hands above their head, and then returns to the squat position to repeat movement.
the person starts in a wide standing position, swings left leg behind and around back to the wide standing position.
a person spins and kicks with its left leg.
a person performs a standing back kick.
a person thanking his fans
a person throws something with their right arm and then catches it with both hands.
a person puts their right hand forward then uses both hands to pick something up
person backed up and is doing a salute
a person waves, takes a step back, turns clockwise and waves again
man steps back with his right foot, then proceeds to shift his body to the right and step forward with a wave.
a person does jumping jacks, spreading their arms and legs out and in with each jump
a persin is doing jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks for a few seconds and then stops catching their balance.
a figure side-steps forward and to the left, and then takes only one step backward to the right.
the person is walking sideways to the left.
a person who is standing with feet spread apart and his hands down by his sides takes four steps sideways to his left, stops, then takes two steps sideways to his right.
a person uses the left arm to demonstrate throwing an object in front of them
garbage man throws garbage in the truck
a person leans to the left and raises their right arm over their head, then leans to the right
a man mimics playing a violin, holding the instrument in his left hand and playing with his right hand.
a person holds their left arm up while making a sawing motion with their right hand.
a person holds something in their left hand, then uses their right hand to move back and forth
a person opens a laptop and types on the keyboard.
a person moves his left and right hands together.
a person places something in front of him, opens it up, and he begins making a typing motion with his hands and fingers.
a person raises both hands above their head and takes ten small jumps.
a person raises both their arms and jumps.
a person standing in place lifts both arms above head and jiggles up and down while standing on tippy toes.
a person shadow boxes while moving around.
person is throwing boxing punches
a person take some steps backward, then throws some punches with the right, and then left arm while moving forward again.
he raises his right hand in the air as in a throwing motion and then clasps it with his left hand
right arm looks like it throughs something and then both arms catch something.
a person throws a ball with their right hand, catches a ball with both hands, then drops their hands to their side.
a person walks forward at a brisk pace.
a person walks forward, arms by their side.
a man walks forward swing his arms slightly.
person runs downwards in a curve while swining his arms
a person runs forward, initially veering to the left.
a person is running straight, while leaning to the left
a man having a drink after a run.
a person puts his right hand to his face.
the person is really hung over.
the person quickly moves his left leg to the left and brings his right leg quickly to the left also.
a person takes a quick side step to its left.
person takes a large step to the left fast
a man jumps up and down 10 times.
he is jumping very fast.
a man jumps in place several times while letting his arms swing.
a person waves their right hand.
person uses their right arm to wave
person waving their right hand.
a man raises his hands up on the air,starts clapping and then lowers them down.
a person claps their hands above their head.
a person raises both arms above their head and begins clapping, then they move their hips back and forth in rhythm with the clapping.
a person takes two steps forward and stops.
a person leaps forward then stands still.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms
the person throws out their left arm in front of them then brings both hands to their mouth before lowering them together to the center of their body.
someone just caught a baseball
person throws something then catches something else on the spot
person is hopping on one foot with their arms out then switches to do the same on their other foot
a person hops on their left foot, balances then hops on the right one.
the person starts standing on one leg and hops with the second leg held up off the ground then repeats the action with the opposite leg.
a small dip to gear up for a two legged hop
person jumps once on the spot
i see someone jump up once
the person pets the dog on its head
a person  leans down and rubs something with their right arm.
the person is drying off his right arm.
a person leans and then makes a side stomping motion.
a person stomps with their right foot.
a person standing in place picks up right foot and stomps it down.
a person runs in place, stops, runs again, backs up, and then squats to the ground.
a person jogs in place then stops and then proceeds to run in place
a person running on the spot and then resting
a person is standing and then makes a stomping gesture.
a man stomps his left leg.
i see someone stomps their left feet once
a person walks straight then turn to its left then walks straight again.
without stopping, a person walks a few steps forward then makes a sharp left turn and continues walking a few more steps.
person walks to the side then crawls under something
a person walk to the right, then gets on all fours and crawls to the left, and then stands up and faces forward.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward on the floor.
a person kicks sideways with their right leg
this person kicked with their right lag.
a person is making a kicking motion.
person jumps up then waits for a bit and then walks forwards and stops
a person jumps up while simultanesouly moving their arms/hands inward & upward towards their armpits, after they land they move both arms out at 45 degree angles away from their sides and does a slight jog serveral steps forward.
a man jumps, then walks foward.
a person was kicking wiht right and left hand
the person is kicking dirt .
kicking feet while standing still
a person jumps up and down three times
a person jumps up and down several times.
a person jumps up and down.
a person is walking in place at a slow pace.
person walking at a average pace forward, swaying arms and torso with a sense of swagger
a person walks in place.
both arms raised to the epole, fly
a person appears to be being held up as their feet are off the ground. the person arms are raised as he moves his hands around.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a person stands and then pretends to play a violin on his right shoulder.
person is holding a violin with their left arm and the stick with their right
a person raises their left arm as if holding a violin and then raises their right arm as if running a bow across and back once.
a person walks forward one foot in front of another
person is balancing and walking across something thin
person is walking down an incline with their hands out to the side as if they were walking on a balance beam trying to keep their balance
a person walks forward diagonally and then turns to the left.
someone casually walks to the left, making a fluid turn.
a person walks forward curving to their right as they do so.
a person slowly walks forward and stops.
the man is slowly walking
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person staggers around and then walks forward
stick figure stumbles around back and forth before walking forward
a man seems to have a spasm.
person takes steps moving to his left a few steps.
person walks slightly to their left casually
person is doing some 90's dances
a man waves his hands from side to side then does a submersion move and passes his left hand from the top right to left lower.
a figure poses with his arms and sways his hips motioning downward then up in a dance performance.
a person is standing and moving their arm in and outwardly.
person places hand on belly and then removes his hand from belly area.
a person holds their left arm to their stomach
it seems like he got something then batted something.
a person claps their hands together then throws something.
a person catches something and throws it back.
a person standing in place claps their hands and then places arms back down at their sides.
a person raises their hands and claps.
person is clapping on the spot
a person steps back and uses arms to lower themselves into a seat, then stands back up and takes a step forward
a person shuffles backwards and then sits down.
a person walks backwards to the right and sits down the gets back up.
a man does a push up and then uses his arms to balance himself back to his feet.
the person is doing a salutation.
the man is doing push ups
someone walks five feet and then sits down on a chair for a second, gets up and walks back five feet
a person walks from one end of the frame to another then goes into a sitting position and afterwards they walk back.
a man walks to the back of a room and takes a seat, then leaves his chair and walks back to the front of the room.
a person steps to the side then does a half split.
a person spreads their legs by sliding their feet, then stands back up.
a person spreading their legs to loosen up.
person lifts item, tilts it halfway up and then places it back down.
the figure bends slightly forward to the left, seems to support a base with the right hand and lift with the left as if raising the top part of a tall container from it's side, then lowers the left and right hands to lay the container back on it's side.
a person scratches their aim
a man uses his right hand to bat something away and then brings up both hands outstretched above the head.
a man mimes a bear, grabbing honey, then eating it.
a person swats at something with their right hand, then with both hands, then raises something to their face twice with the right hand, then raises both hands in a wide gesture.
a standing man loses a little bit of balance and his upper body leans and shakes toward his left.
a person standing waiting for the train
a person stands still and then moved shoulders back as if they were pushed.
a persons walks to the right
a person walks slowly to the right.
the person walks by turning to the right
a person backs into something and hurts their back.
arms out forward walking confused, walks back and bumps with the body's back and walks forward.
walks forward than backs up into something abruptly
a person stands legs slightly bent with hands on thighs then lifts arms straight out sideways.
a person stands very still then extends both arms out to form a cross.
a person stands still for a moment, and ends by making a t-pose.
a person holds both hands up towards their face, as if cradling a baby.
a man stands firm holding something then twists hips left to right.
person is holding something like a trophy and is showing it
a person climbs stairs while using the railing
a person raises its right arm then climbs up somthing.
someone is walking up some steps with their right hand holding the hand rail.
person is using their left arm to wave
a person waves with the left hand.
a person waves their left hand above their head, then lowers the hand.
a man runs back and forth, then upon running back decides to stop almost midway.
person starts in the middle then jogs to their right then to their left then back to the middle and stops
a person runs back and forth.
the figure raises its left arm and makes reaching motions as if grabbing for something, and then extends its arms twice.
a person uses reaching motion with right arm, and then brings hands to middle and extends arms outward and horizontally twice
standing reaching forward with one arm, then with both arm makes lateral motions widening arm span out then in
a man lifts its left arm up and down.
a person lifts left arm up to chest in a curling motion.
a person bends and lowers their left arm at the elbow
moved arms outward slightly then back to his sides.
a person stands straight with its right foot in front of the left, and then it leans slightly to the right.
a man standing on a narrow path loses his balance.
someone staggers forwards to the left and put their right arm on an object.
person walks slowly like it pain and uses something to help keep balance
a person steps out with right leg, left legs steps in front of right leg, right leg steps, then left leg steps behind right leg.
a person side steps to the right.
a person slowly walked in right direction
a person dancing around while swinging both arms.
a person is excitedly dancing around
walking to the side and waving arms.
person slightly takes a larger step whilst step to walk over something
someone walking down the street
a person walks forward, slightly limping to the left.
a person jumps in a ninety degree circle.
a man jumps and turns in the air to land on the ground turned right from the beginning position.
the figure jumps and does a 270° (3/4) turn, they start facing the viewer and at the end we see their profile with their arms relaxed beside them.
a person lifts both arm up slightly.
a person is picking up both hands to shoulder height repeatedly.
somebody weightlifting at the gym
a person walks in a straight diagonal line then makes a sharp turnaround at both ends of the line.
a person paces back and forth
a person walking to the right.
a person starts out walking straight and then turns slightly right.
a person is standing and clapping.
a person claps their hands together
someone stands still and claps with their hands in front of their torso.
a person does two jumping jacks.
person is doing jumping jacks
a person jumps while putting both legs out and their arms up, then returns their arms and legs to a standing position
a person lunges over and gets back up.
a man bends his knee to the ground then stands upright and start swinging his arm forward
pitcher picking up the ball and preparing to throw it
a person squats then stands up and dances then spins in a circle while dancing
a person dances and rotates in a diagonal line to the left.
the person quickly spins counter-clockwise.
a duo-colored stick figure walks around calmly on a square plane.
person walks around in a circle at normal speed
a man walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
a person is stretching his leg in the air.
a figure balances on one leg while holding right leg with right hand before hopping on left leg
a person is using their right arm to lift their left leg into the air.
a person uses its hands to make fast movements at chest height and turns left and right.
the person hunches as they move their hands, looks right and then to the left
man puts his arms up in a sneaky way, then starts looking around mischievously.
someone punches the ground with their right hand, then makes a leap towards the right.
a person performs a punch motion then a forward jump.
a figure twists from left to right while bending at the hips then takes a leap forward.
a person starts lying on their front side, and quickly crawls backwards using both hands and legs
a person crawls backwards diagonally, on their elbows and knees.
a person is crawling backwards.
a person lowers their left raised hand, shuffles their feet and braces them apart, and then raises both forearms in front.
a person bends their hands at the elbows, lowers them, then bends again
a man does bicep curls with both arms.
a person walks forward with big steps
a blue and red stick figure walks towards black srean.
a person waves with both hand
a person quickly drops their right arm to their side, and then raises both arms up in front of their face and begins waving their hands in large sweeping motions.
a person is waving with both hands.
bending down then outstretching arms.
a person picks something up, waives it in the air and puts it back.
he starts washing his head
a person slowly walks down some stairs.
a man walks forward, canting slightly to the right.
a man walks forward, swinging its arm side by side.
a person turns clockwise and then spins multiple times counterclockwise.
a man spins around in a clockwise circle, and then spins counter-clockwise many times with his arms out.
a man spins in one counter clockwise circle with arms extended at shoulder then rverses and does five or more circles with arms still extended
person is doing fast jumping jacks
a person is doing many jumping jacks.
a person is doing standing jumping jacks.
a person is walking, turns back and to their left, proceeds to walk again, trips, then turns back once more, limping now.
a person turns slowly to the left and walks forward, trips over something and then turns around and limps forward.
a man is trying to walk but stumbling and unsteady
a person takes a step back, starts swinging their fists boxing, and then runs forward.
a person backs up, throws punches in the air, runs forward to the right, runs backwards and then throws arms up in air to the side
person gets on hands and knees, crawls forward, turns around, crawls back to where it started and stands up.
a person got down on their knee and started crawling.
a person crawls forward on their hands and knees, then turns and crawls forward
the person is in a fighting pose with both hands ready to strike, then does a 360 degrees, clockwise kick with their right foot.
a man throws a spinning heel kick with his right leg.
a person does a karate kick
a man stands on one foot and bends the other at the knee repeatedly while holding onto something
kicking foot forward and spinning it.
a person holding on the something with their right arm and moving their right leg to warm up
the person pours something then starts mixing
someone mimicking that he's pouring and mixing a drink
in turn, a person picks up salt and pepper shakers with his right hand and applies those seasons to food in his left hand, after which he takes two steps backwards to the right.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person cautiously steps backwards.
a person takes 5 steps backwards staring with the left leg
the figure places an object from left to the right.
a person picks something up then sets it to the side
person lifts an object then places it to their right
a person acts like they are fishing.
figure is circling one hand around another, then throws right arm forward. figure seems to be mimicking fishing.
the right hand moves in a clockwise, reeling motion then both hand move upwards a bit before culminating in both hands patting in a snow ball like motion.  the right hand then throws in an overhanded motion forward. the motion ends with the hands coming back to rest at the abdomen.
this person is standing straight and kicks his leg out once and then stands normal.
person does a low kick
a person scuffs their right foot one time.
a person walks forward while raising their right arm.
a person walks forward while putting their right arm on something for support
a person takes unsteady steps forward while using right arm rail to support weight.
person is holding onto something and moving around erratically with it looking like their trying to dodge something/someone with it
someone is holding an object in their hands while trying to evade someone, possibly playing basketball.
a person pivots their right foot in multiple directions, rotating their body while keeping their left foot anchored in one spot.
a person sets down on the floor crossed legged and then stands up.
a person sits down on the ground and crosses their legs, then stands up
a person sitting down on the floor and back off the floor
person takes a large step to the right and loses balance slightly then is stationary
a person stands still, then sidesteps to the right
a person is standing and then slides to the left.
a person leans down slightly to the left, then leans down slightly to the right.
a person bends forward to the left as to pick something up then stands upright then bends forward to the right as to set something down
person lifts something and places it down to their right
a person sways their upper body in a circle while they hold their hands as if they have a partner.
person is acting out the nursery rhyme i’m a little teapot.
a person does the "i'm a little teapot" dance
a person is making a motion of throwing an object to his left side with his right hand.
a person is playing tennis
a person does three consecutive, right-handed, forehand tennis shots.
man has both hands on his hips, flares elbows outward and looks left. he drops both hands down at his sides and he waves hi several times with his right hand. he brings his right hand up to his mouth as if sneezing or coughing.
a person poses holding his waist with both hands, waved with his right hand, then poses like trying to arm-wrestle someone with its right hand.
a person has his hands on his hips and waves his hand around.
someone throws baseball down the plate
a person throws something with their right arm
the person imitates throwing something with their right hand, the movement is choppy
a person holds their arms up and bends them repeatedly at the elbow
a person is performing arm exercises.
person is waving their arms
a man walks around in a circular motion while gently swinging his arms.
a person walks in a counter clockwise direction.
a person walks in a clockwise oval.
a person takes a stumbling step forward, turns around and takes another stumbling step forward, then turns around once more.
the person is stumbling like they are drunk.
a person stumbles to the left, turns around walks and stumbles right, turns around and stumbles a third time
a person hoping on a platform
person swings arms back whilst bending slightly at the knee and then leaps forward with both feet at the same time.
a person jumps forward with both feet.
a person stands still then slightly moves their arms
person is standing still on the spot with arms by their side
a person pushes themselves from behind
a person squats down and moves their hands around at head level
person looks to be driving and steering to their left
a person squats by bending both knees and both elbows and moving arms above legs without touching them.
a person doing jumping jacks and then running on the spot
a person is doing jumping jacks, then starts jogging in place.
a person does four jumping jacks then three front lunges.
person drops something from their hands and kicks it
a person kicks something while holding up one hand
a person clasps their hands then unclasps them and then kicks something with their right foot.
a person crosses its arms while standing, then it unfolds them.
a person crosses and then uncrosses their arms
a person standing up folds arms by placing right arm over left.
a figure does sloppy cartwheels
a person is doing cartwheels to one side and then towards the other side.
a man does several cart wheels in a small area.
a man looks from side to side, steps forward, kicks something, and steps backward to where he was standing.
a person jumps forward and kicks at something before moving backwards
someone hops forward with their left foot, kicks an object with the inside of their right foot, then steps back to watch the object.
a person raised their arm up then back down.
a person brings up both hands to the side of their head
a person raises boths hands in front of their face and then lowers them after.
the person rotates their upper body to theleft and then to their right, the person then takes a step diagonally to the right and then takes a step back with their right foot
a person looking right to left with head and turning body to the right to look behind.
a person swivels their upper body around slowly, then takes a step left.
a person skips several steps to the right, several steps to the left and then two steps to the right.
the figure side skips in a figure 8 motion.
a person runs while sidestepping back and forth
man hops on right foot; kicks right foot forward
a person hops on their left foot, then kicks their right foot out
a man lifted up their left lag and started to jump with its right leg, then kicked with its right leg.
person is slightly squatting and does a t-pose
a person raises their arms then lowers them then raises them
individual appears to raise arms.
a person is performing a pitching motion as if throwing a ball.
person is doing a baseball throw but in slow motion
a person brings their hands together twice, then throws something
a person standing brings both arms towards their chest by bending both arms in a curling motion.
a person is lifting up both their arms.
arms go up and down like weight lifting
person is using their right arm up to point around
the person is standing then holds their right hand out in front of them, and slowly points out to their right, then drops their arm by their side.
a man points forwards with his right arm, then rotates the arm to the right.
a person folds their arms
person crosses their arms over each other in the chest area then drops them
someone not happy and fold his man
a person walks leisurely forward and then pivots to their right in a u-shape and then walking straight
a person walked forward, then turned right, then walked back diagonally.
a figure stands slightly crouched then gestures to someone at shoulder level
a person is sitting and lifts their right hand up in front of them.
while slightly crouched, a person puts up their right hand.
the person is getting ready to place the football for a kick off.
a person is crouched over trying to swat at something.
a person is bent forward and swats at something on the ground with their right hand.
person points using their right arm
person lifts right arm fully extended from by their side to shoulder height and lowers it back down to side
a man raises its right arm.
a person is standing and performing arm bicep curls by lifting their hands towards their shoulder in a squeezing manner.
a person is doing bicep curls with both arms.
person looks like they're lifting weights
a person raises right arm and wipes in a circular motion.
a person is performing a circular wiping motion.
a person moves their hand clockwise at waist level
person, whilst facing forwards, steps round in an anticlockwise direction in small circle.
person is walking randomly in a circle backwards
a person steps in a circle while facing forward
figure side steps to the right.
a person steps forward once
someone stand then move to the right
a person squats down then jumps
a person jumps forward from their original position.
while a person is standing, they bend their knees and jump forward.
a person is holding something in his or her hand, turns it upward, he looks down at it and puts his hand down
someone slightly moves their left hand in front of them, turning it over before putting it by their side.
a person slowly moves their left arm near their stomach
a man walks backwards to get on his hands and knees, crawls forward, gets up, then walks backwards.
a figure taking a few steps backwards before getting down on hands and knees crawling forward, only to get back up, to walk backwards, and then forwards again
a person walks backwards and then crawls forwards
the man plays catch and throw a ball.
the person is warming up and he threw the ball.
a person catches a ball, pitches it and then catches a ball again.
a person kneels down onto all fours, crawls towards the right, and then stands back up
a person walks backwards then crawls forword.
the figure bends down on its hands and knees and then crawls forward.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left to walk away.
a person walks forward, and then takes a sharp turn left, back to where they started.
this person takes two steps forward, spins then takes two steps back.
a person brings their left arm up to their mouth slowly and then lowers it back down to their side.
a person moves their hand to their mouth then lowers it
individual uses left hand as see  to reach upwards near the ideal thrpat area.
a person walks forward as they raises both arm and sets them back down.
a person holds their arms up for balance and walks forward one foot in front of the other
a man walks forward with his heels touching his toes on a beam.
a man stands with his arms by his sides
a person stands still then takes one step to the right
a person shuffled to the right.
a person runs to the left in a semi circle, stops, turns around, and runs back in a semi cirlce.
a person jogging in a right curve and then in the opposite way but in the same curve
the person is jogging from the left to the right.
person walks forward then stumbles back a bit then continues walking forwards
individual appears to walk forward then step back and again to the front.
a man walks forward then moves back one step them moves forward again.
a person puts left arm in sweater, then right arm, then buttons sweater.
a person puts on a coat then buttons it
someone putting a jacket slowly
a perosn brushes their teeth, spits, and then sets their toothbrush down.
a person twitches their right hand in front of their face, then leans forward.
a person brishing their teeth.
a person walks forward while slowly swinging their arms
a man walks forward with a wide based gait.
a man takes five steps forward.
a person raises their hands above their head then lowers them
a person raises their arms up, touches their hands together above their head, then drops arms back down to sides.
a person raised their arms above their head and then puts them back down.
anperson behaving like a dragon
a person is flapping their arms as if trying to act like a bird or other flying animal.
the man walks around waving his arms like a bird.
a person takes one step to the side, crouches, folds their hands in their lap, and then rises upright again.
a person sidesteps facing forward and then stands up again.
person takes a step to their left and sits down then stands back up
person walked turned around and is punching.
a person walking in a clockwise direction, sharply stumbles over something with their right foot, then hobbles back to the starting position.
person is walking, sprints real quick, then walks with a limp
the person shakes both of their hands, and then later uses the right hand to reach something and returns it back.
the sim is using both left & right hand to express emotion as to appear to be in a conversation.
a person gestures and converses.
a person punches the air with their arms.
a person boxing has block left to right
a person holds both arms in front of them, bent at the elbow and jabs the air if front of them in a motion that appears to be like boxing.
person walks forwards then takes a large step over something
a person takes long strides forward and takes an even longer stride using their right foot to jump over something.
a person walks forward then lunges forward
person is walking slowly and cautiously holding onto their sides
a person walks forward one foot in front of the other while holding onto something with their hands
a person is walking carefully with one foot in front of the other while using both arms at each side to grab onto railings.
person looks to be throwing their hands around randomly on the spot
a person raises their arms and hits down on something in front of them repeatedly
a man waves his arms around in front of himself, haphazardly.
someone raises their right arm flat in front of them, then puts it back at their side.
a person raises one hand in front of them
a person stretches their right arm in front of their chest then lowers it after.
a person kicks with their right leg then their left leg.
a person kicks an object on the ground first with his right foot and then his left.
a person kicks forward alternating legs
a person walks forward slowly with legs stiff and spread wide and rocking from side to side.
a person walks forward slowly while keeping their legs far apart
a person slowly and rigidly walks forward.
person walks forwards casually then stops
a person walks forward while keeping their shoulders still
a person steps forward rather fastly
person throws a left jab
the figure does a left jab.
this person is in standing position and brings both hands to chest and pushes out left hand and left leg out quickly then brings them back in to standing position.
person walks forward then jumps up and down
a person takes a step back, proceeds forward a few steps, and then jumps in one place using a jump rope.
man starts to do jump jope.
a person walks from left to right and vice versa while facing forward.
a person side steps to the right and then to the left, and back to the middle.
a man sidesteps to his right, then sidesteps back to his left, then sidesteps back to where he started.
robot started to move forward and stopped
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person walks forward and then stops.
takes a few steps forward and one step back and then more ateps forward
a person walks forward, then takes a step back with their left foot before walking forward again.
a person walks forward then walks back.
a man sidesteps left a couple of paces, sidesteps right past where he started by about double the distance, then sidesteps to his original position.
a person stepping a few steps to the right, then a few steps to the left and back to the right again.
the person is side stepping.
a person bends at the knees and jumps slightly.
person does a jump with legs out slowly, then squats and jumps up again very slowly
a person does one jumping jack, then squats and jumps back up.
a person is doing the salsa
a person dances elegantly with a partner
a person dances with their arms out in front of them, like a salsa.
a person who is stretching
a man stands completely still.
a person standing in a t pose and then looking to their left and right
a person bends over and picks some thing up with their left hand, then makes a right handed over hand throw, side arm throw, then another overhand throw.
a person does a motion of throwing a skipping rock
a person gets up from a crouching position, throws an object overhand, throws a second object underhand, and throws a third object overhand.
a person waves with right hand.
a person standing in place waves hello in a friendly manner with right hand.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person, while shrugging their shoulders, makes lateral movements to their right in a curvy-like fashion.
a person starts moving by swaying their shoulders to the left, then stepping left. they then look down at their outstretched hands, steps to the left, then looks at their hands again. finally the person rhythmically steps to the left as if it was dancing.
this person side steps to the right as if to dance.
a person standing up indicates somthing on his left with his right arm.
the person is moving something.
person moves their hand up to mid chest level then moves it to the left.
a person is leaning over with his left hand on his waist.
person picking up, and holding it on left side
a person is holding something in their left hand.
a man mimes boxing punches.
person using left hsnd to mouth then raises  right hand above there head side on
a person slowly hooks their right arm in a punch motion
a person looks around, steps back, then runs forward while throwing an object.
person takes a few steps backward, and then winds arm back to run forward and throw something and then walk backward a few steps
this person steps back then quickly jumps forward while throwing and then steps back.
a person is dancing and hopping in the air.
a person is standing on the ground. they do a rhythmic dance using primarily his feet, throwing them back one at a time then jumping. their arms are used to stabilize themselves and keep balance.
a person dances with a hop in the middle of the dance.
the person is wobbling in place.
the figure rotates its upper body clockwise the rotates its hips clockwise
a person rotates the top of their body in a circle, then rotates their hips in a circle
a man steps to the right.
a person carefully steps to their left, first with left foot then with right foot
a person side-steps one step to the left.
man is limping on right leg
an injured person drags leg while their path is traced behind them.
person is limping with his left leg.
standing on one foot.
a person moves their right foor around while balancing on their left foot.
person is lifting his right knee.
a person walks forward and picks things up and puts them down with their hands.
walking forward and bending down.
he does double pour and mixing
a person walks turning to the right.
walking forward and stopping gf
the figure in the video walked forward and then went to its right and stood still.
a person walks in a bending route to the right.
a person walks across floor at an angled left direction
the person was swinging his arms wildly and then stops.
i person lifts both arms in the air and shakes them vigorously before putting them back down.
a person lifts their arms above their head, waves them side to side, and then puts them back down.
a person is lunging forward.
a person is lunging forwards with his right hand and leg three times
this person steps forward and bends at the right knee.
a man walks from side to side, left then right.
a person shuffles back and forth in a dancing motion.
walking to the side and then back.
a person has their hand at their chest and shakes their waist.
person shakes hips with hands in front of him or her.
a person shakes their hips and arms while dancing.
a person walks up stairs, turns around at the top, and walks back down the stairs.
a person walks up stairs turns to right and walks down stairs.
a person is climbing up something and turns around and climbs back down.
a person jumps around while moving their arms up and down
the person is dancing towards floor.
a person flails around in a dance like motion in place.
a person throws its right arm up into the air. while shifting much of their bodyweight to their left leg, the person perform a counter-clockwise circular motion with their lifted arm.
a person throws overhanded with their right hand, using their left arm slightly to balance.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person, with their hands out to the side, walks forward, turns counter clockwise, then walks the other direction, and starts to turn counterclockwise again
person holds arms out walks forward as if they are sneaking and then walks back.
a person sneaks around slowly with their arms raised.
a man moves his hands in front of his face.
a person knocks on a door.
someone moving his left hand while standing
the person was walking like a human penguin.
a person waddles by taking small quick steps in a straight line and then they turn and waddle in a counter-clockwise circular direction
a person waddles forward, stops then turns left and continues in a semicircle
the man flaps his arme like a bird, pretends to soar then flaps some more.
person is acting like a bird
a person who is standing with this arms out from his sides flaps his arms like wings and soars, then flaps his arms and soars some more.
a person standing in place raises both arms to the side raising them above eye level.
the person is stretching arms out.
someone stretches both arms out to the side.
a person carefully walks down in a straight line.
the figure stands still before walking forwards in a straight line and stopping.
the person walks forward in a straight line carefully.
a person starts to jog on the spot.
a person does a short jog to the door
a man stands on the ground , starts jogging from the same sport and then stops.
person steps forward slowly five steps
a man walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward a few steps and stands still
a man is standing then appears to kick something in with his right leg, then walks away.
a person steps up to kick a ball then starts to run.
a person takes a step forward, kicks on their left leg, and then shrugs both arms.
the person lifts his right hand up.
the man raises his right hand in the air at a 90 bent angle on his elbow.
a person uses their right arm to consume something internally via the mouth.
a standing person extends both hands up, above their head and jumps three times.
a person jumping up and down, with their hands above their head.
a man reaches both arms above his head and then jumps 3 times before lowering his arms.
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person holds their hands in front of them, then throws twice
the person is throwing a baseball.
a person does a light skip while walking
a person takes a couple steps forward and then skips.
a person walking then starts to bounce as he walkss.
a person sits down on an imaginary object, then stands up.
a person sits down and stand right back up
the person takes a couple steps back to the left and sits down. they then reverse the process.
someone is shooting a free throw
person puts object on a top shelf.
a man raises his arms above his head twice as if to throw a basketball toward a hoop.
a man in running in place before stopping.
a person working out running in place
a person steps side to side in place.
a man walks forward and then turns around, walks in the opposite direction and then put his right hand on his left arm.
the person walks forward, turns around and walks back. the person grabs one arm and turns around.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back into the direction he came from, stops, holds his left arm with his right hand, then turns around
a person waiving quickly by shaking hand side to side.
person is standing and waving.
a person waving with their right hand.
a squatted person is shivering tremendously and seems to be answering the phone with their left hand.
in her swivel office chair, she takes a call, holding the phone with her left hand, and continues to type with her right hand.
the person is tying or fixing something.
the person has hands up like holding something heavy then takes a step backwards
a person bends over to inspect something, grabs a vertical object with both hands, twists something with their right hand, and then lets go and retreats.
a person struggles to turn a large item.
a person walks forward, then strafes sideways.
a stick person walking from side to side.
walking by six sac right to left and a little turn back
a person does jumping jacks.
a man who is jumping and raising his arms over his head
a man jumps with both hand up in the air like jumping jacks.
person walks forward down two steps.
a person stepping over something
a man is walking with normal distance between feet and then steps forward a greater distance to step over something.
a man stands completely still with his arms raised.
the person was standing like they were on a motorcycle posing.
a person who seems to imitate a motorcyclist
a person is sliding forward on the their bottom before stopping.
person sitting on ground with knees bent up, then stretches legs out and reaches to touch knees
a person reaches for their toes while sitting on the ground
this person is moving as if his is playing a guitar.
a person does the dance to the tune "im a little teapot"
a man lowers his right hand then shakes his whole body then lens to the right then goes back to the original position.
a person lifts their left arm, returns it down, and walks backward.
the figure lifts the right arm, puts right arm back down, stands, and then steps backward.
a person raises their blue arm up and puts it down. then they take one step backwards.
a person is hunched over slightly, then stumbles slightly.
person stands still, but then steps slightly forward with just their right foot.
man standing then takes one step forward with right foot then left foot
a person walks backwards the goes up steps bacward.
a person walks backwards and then climbs stairs backwards
a man walks backwards then climbs backwards up something, such as a flight of stairs.
the man is washing a dog, holding him with his left hand.
person is rubbing something while holding it.
a person is bent down wiping something with their right arm and holding it with their left arm.
person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
this person walks forward then swings his body around to the left and walks back.
the person is walking back and forth.
a person raises its left hand then both hands in celebration
person looks to be lifting a dumbbell with their left arm
a man raises his left arm up into the air, and then dose the same with his right.
a man runs forward in a straight line.
a man runs foward and then stops.
a person is jogging forward and swinging their arms
a person is walking forward swinging their arms side to side
a person walks in a straight line towards the bottom of the screen.
a man walks from side to side
putting arm out forward.
the legs moving forward and backward and shake the hands.
a person paint with their left then right hand
a person walks forward, raises their right hand and sets it back down.
a person stands still, then walks forward, then presses a button
a pizza delivery driver arrives to a customers house, walks up to the door and rings the doorbell.
a person steps over two items coming towards the screen, turns and goes back over them to return to start.
a person walks forward, taking wide steps, and turns and walks back, taking a small step in the middle and wobbling a bit, then continuing.
a person takes exaggerated steps forward and then turns around and does the same thing back to his starting point.
a figure streches its arms out the turns it upper half to the left and right.
a person standing raises their arms to shoulder length, then down to waist high and rotates at their core booth left and right 2 times
the person lifts both of their arms up, and than twist from side to side.
person uses right hand and arm to move to side then front ways then other movements
the person is pretending they are a dog.
a person makes a panting motion with their hands in front of their face, and occasionally scratches their ears.
the figure stands, then bends and sits down with its legs crossed, pauses for a second, and stands up again.
a person sits down with their legs crossed, then gets back up.
a person sits cross legged and then gets up with the help of his right hand.
a person loses his balance towards his right and then steps back towards his left.
a person steps sideways to the right and then sideways to the left.
a person steps to the left while crossing right foot behind left foot, then steps back to the right.
a person folds their arms in front of them, then lowers them to the sides.
a person crosses their arms and then releases the pose.
person stands and folds arms across chest.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a man is doing the waltz in a circle.
he has his hands raised as if on his partner's shoulders and dances the box step.
a person walking around bouncing a ball.
a person is dribbling a basketball while trying to keep the ball away from another player.
the person is walking around doing something
a person walking forward in a line.
a person slowly walked forward and stand at the end
a person walking forward and stopping.
a person who shakes his hands then puts his left hand up
a person is drinking with left hand.
a figure gestures in a way that evokes pressing elevator buttons or an intercom button near to collarbone height. then, the figure gestures higher -- head level -- with its left hand.
a person bends both arms up and down at the elbow twice.
a person plays drums while standing up.
a person strikes something with with his left hand while repeatedly striking  something with his right hand
looks like he walks through a door to turn to the right and go straight forward
a man first walks forward and then to the right.
person leads right then left feet forward in left to right half circle then stops
a person walks backwards slowly, before moving to the right, crossing one leg over the other in a crab walk
he walked backwards, then crisscross his legs to walk rightward.
a person walks side to side crisscrossing their legs.
the man is climbing and doing stepovers
a figure seems to be measuring the ground with their feet in preparation for making a measured jump
a person stepping up over an object, walking around another object, and then jumping over that object.
a person loosening up by moving their arms , shoulders and legs slightly.
a standing person swings their arms back and forth, then stretches them outwards while slowly walking forwards
someone is doing arm exercises and dancing a little while they are doing so.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and kept walk
a person walks up a stepstool then walks back down it
a person walks forward, brushes both feet one at a time on the floor, steps back then repeats the sequence.
someone is walking forward, and then sitting down on something while moving lots of other things around with their hands, and then getting up
a person walks and sits on something while moving his hands around.
the man was walking forward and then he walked in sat down and use the to something which his handsx
a man cross punch with the right arm
a person punches with right hand.
the person is slow punching.
a person walks to the right, gets pushed backwards and holds both hands up over his face, then continues walking
a man steps forward and turns sharply to his right, then walks forward, stopping partway and reeling back as though dodging something, before turning and walking back.
a person turns around facing toward the left and walks forward raising arms in a defensive motion and continues walking then turns around facing toward the right
the person is posing and crossing his hand.
a person gestures with their left hand at their right shoulder, face, then groin, then repeats this gesture with their right hand.
a person trtaces his body with his right hand and then with his left hand.
with slightly bent knees, the person raises both arms outstreched to shoulder height.
a person has his arms raised horizontally, lowers his arms back to his side, and then raises them horizontally again.
a sitting person lowers their arms, then raises them.
a person stands in a t pose with no movement at all
a person stands with his arms on his side
a man has hand hands both up and at shoulder length
a person bend on the knee and and was looking at something
the man is looking around
a person starts in a crouched position then twists to their left and right slowly while simultaniously standing up.
a person looks around, looks at his left wrist, then walks backwards and forwards
a person stands, raises their wrist, then lowers it and moves back and forth
character scratches stomach with left hand. steps backwards on the left foot, then right.
a stick figure clasps botg hands and swings them foward
a person swings a golf club.
a man swings a golf club to the left.
a person softly hops in position, keeping their arms and legs stiff.
the figure does six short hops in a row.
person is jumping in palce
a person stretches and kicks out their right leg while balancing on their left.
a person kicked with right leg few times
a person stands on their left foot with the right leg bent in the air and slowly kicks to the side and to the front
a person crouching forward then leaps over something.
the person is taking giant steps.
a person walks backward then crouches, takes a few big steps, and jumps
beginning with it's right leg, a stick figure takes wide steps walking from the bottom left to the top right.
a person walks forward with their legs spread far apart.
a person turns anticlockwise walks then turns slightly left
a person is walking to the side back and forth by crossing their legs horizontally.
a person walking side by side
a man side steps to the right and then side steps back to the left.
a person does star jumps.
does 2 jumping jacks with both feet and arms above his head.
the person did to jumping jacks.
a man backs up, leading with his left foot.
person walks backwards in a straight line
a person walks straight backward.
person is sitting down scratching head i think.
a person appears to be sitting.
a person is squatting while moving their hands.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
a person is waving their right palm sideways in front of their shoulder at fast pace.
a person is waving hi with his right hand.
a person flaps both of their arms and steps back with their left foot.
waving arms up and down.
charcter flapping their arms around doing the chicken dance while pivoting on their right foot.
a person walks while spinning their arms at their sides, then turns around and continues.
person walks forward swinging their arms in big circle motions, once they reach the edge of the platform, they turn around and walk back still swinging arm circles.
the man is doing a loosen up exercise
a person walking forward, avoiding obstacles on the floor.
a person walks forward slowly, on a zig-zag trajectory.
a man takes some slow creeping steps forwards, then some further creeping steps slightly out to his front-left, and then to his front-right.
a man walks forwards quickly, swinging his bent arms in a quick motion.
walks forward and moves to the left slitghtly while walkng
he walks forward then stops
person moves forward two steps picks something up and goes in a anticlockwise circle and then holds right hand up
a person walks forward to pick something up off the ground before walking back around in a circle.
a person walks forward, bends down to pick something up, then walks in a circle.
a person in a standing position jumps straight up and down once.
a person squats at the knees jumping up in the air and landing to stand upright without moving their arms.
a person squats, jumps and lands in standing position
a person slowly walks in a circle pattern as though they are ballroom dancing.
the man is walking clockwise in a circle while holding something up to his ear with his left arm.
person walking in circles while talking on the phone holding it in the left hand
a person is pushed forward to standstill.
person appears to take one falling step forward with their left foot.
she tentatively takes a step forward, starting with her right foot.
a person stumbles one step directly to his right.
a person loses their balance and falls slightly to their right
a stick person is standing still and then gets nudged in the head just enough to be taken off balance and moves to the left
a person is walking while pushing something
walking in a diagonal line with arms outstretched.
person goes side to side with both hands in the air right arm lower and staying still
a person walks forward and upward.
a person walking on stairs up
a person stomps up some stairs
the man walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a person walks forward and then swings around to the right and walks back.
person takes two steps forward swings left foot to pivot body to walk back to position but does not turn around
the person is walking forward and stepped over a gap.
a person walking and the taking a big step in the middle
person takes two normal strides forward followed by a large stride with their right leg leading. lastly the person takes one more normal stride forward.
a person picks something up with his right hand, cradles it, then hold it up.
a person picks something up from the ground, twists the top off and begins drinking or eating whatever it is.
person picked up drink and is drinking.
a person reaches with his right hand to pick up something on his left, turns to his right and uses his right hand in a polishing motion, then returns the item where he got it.
someone is placing something on a shelf
figure moves right hand down to the left then back up turns slightly to right lifting hand up.
a mans standing starts moving left arm then right, jumps up and moves legs.
a person does the wave with their arms, then jumps up and kicks at the ground.
a person is seen dancing and jumping using arms and legs
person extends right arm with an angle between elbow and throws right wrist in position forward
a person wiggles their right arm, then quickly straightens it perpendicular to their body.
a person throws a dart with their right hand and then makes a short practice movement with the same hand.
a person lowers both arms down from a t position simultaneously then raises both hands forward in a thumbs up gesture.
a person brings their arms down
a person has his arms out to the side, brings them back down to his thighs and then place his hands out in front of him.
a person put his hand to uis face to yell
a man is standing and brings both hands to his face as if he is guarding his face.
a man bends his arms and raises his hands towards the region of his eyes.
the person got down on their knees and then stood back up.
a person places her hands on her thighs, then drops to her right knee, then kneels and sits back on her heels for a moment before leaning forward, placing her right foot forward and then raising herself to a standing position while her left hand stays on her thigh and her right drops to her side. l
a person goes down on one knee, then kneels on both and gets back up one leg at a time
person is moving things around.
robot pick something from his left and placed it on his right and then moved back his arms to left.
a person reaches for an item to their lower left, lifts the item with both hands, and moves it to their right.
a man takes slow dramatic steps down a ramp.
a person walking slowly.
a man walks slowly,making long steps by stretching his legs.
starting from their left foot in the air, person stands ready with fists up then takes two swings with their right hand downward then two more high and to their right and finally two lefts downward mirroring the rights from before.
this person kicks with his left leg then jabs several times.
the person looks as if they are boxing, throwing punches
a person walks forward and steps over something with his right foot.
a person takes a few steps and then steps over top of something.
a person walks and walks over something.
a person throws punches from a crouched position.
a person is squatting and moving his right hand in a salute motion 2 times.
a person stooping down apers to be using their right hand to pht something in their mouth.
a person doing a casual walk diagonally and turns around counterclockwise
a person winds their right arm and then their left.
person is warming up arms doing vertical arms circles
this man is warming up his arm by swinging his right arm in circles and then his left arm.
a person walks in a counter clockwise ellipse.
a person walks in a circle around to the left.
person is walkng around in circles.
standing person walks in a clockwise circle, then stops.
person is walking around in a circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the person is drinking something.
a person eating while standing up.
a person drinks from a glass
a person throws something using both hands above their head
the person is throwing something with both hands overhead.
stepping forward, he turns to his left, raises his hands over his head, and taps a volleyball back several times.
a person quickly folds their arms while standing up
a person corsses hand then puts them down.
person moves right hand onto left wrist and looks at wrist
the person is walking forward and then back the other direction.
a person walks forward with arms at their sides, turns around, and walks back while lifting their arms to their belly.
a person walking forward then walks back
a stick figure walks quickly from the left side to the right side.
a man walks forward 4 paces and slightly to his left, then stops.
a person walks forward diagonally to the left, leading with the right foot.
a person claps with hands.
a person claps their hands together a couple times while maintaining a wide stance
a person claps their hands 5 times in front of their chest then drops arms to their side
person got down to crawl on their hands and knees
the person is walking on all fours.
: a man walks; someone tries to dodge something; a person acts like a dog
a person is attempting to jump rope by hopping from one leg to the other as if running in place, but has to reset every two to three jumps.
a person is skipping rope.
a person is holding a jump rope, swings rope around three times, jumping each time, and then stops before continuing to use jump rope.
the person is trying to hit a bug.
the man is making gestures
a person is circling to their left as they gesture in a striking motion with their right hand, then they gesture the same way with their left hand, before turning back and gesturing in an overhead throwing motion with their right hand.
a person walks forward, gets pushed by someone, and he stumbles back.
a person walks forward and then backwards
a person walks forwards, then suddenly, as if bumping into something, starts walking backwards.
a man steps to the left and the back to the right.
a person jumping sideways in both direction.
person steps side to side to the right and then the left, and back to center
the person bend down like catching something in both direction and then up and stop.
a person tries to grab something cautiously.
a man lunges forward then moves an object with his hands then walks backwards.
a person sitting on the ground throws something with his right hand twice, stands up and throws something again with his right hand
the person  is sitting down throwing something forward.
the man sits and throws 2 balls stands and throws again.
a person holding a rail walking upstairs then back down.
the person is stepping down stairs.
a person walking up and down a set of stairs while using the handrail.
from a standing position, the person walks at a moderate pace forward, turning their body to be facing right when they stop.
character is walking in a quarter circle, heading to the right.
a person is watching something to his right and then catches it and then watches something to his left and catches it.
standing person claps hands together each direction as if trying to catch something in the air.
a person leans to their right, then claps their hands together out and to the right as if to squish a bug
a person stands up from being on their stomach.
a person is face down on the ground, pushes himself up with both arms to come into a standing position and then takes a step forward.
a person getting from up from a belly to ground position
a person is walking erratically in a figure 8 pattern.
a person is carefully walking from left to right then back to the left with no sense of direction as if they were intoxicated
a person walks unsteadily in a figure eight pattern.
a person lifts his forearms like he is lifting weights. he does this three times.
a person lifts an object from waist height to their chest three times.
a man is standing and doing elbow curls with imaginary weights.
a person walks backwards slowly comes forward and kicks the does this twice and on the third time kicks to the right
the person backed up and walk forward and kick some thing with the right foot.
a person who took steps back and then started kicking
a person is doing a salsa dance.
a person is dancing the salsa.
a person takes several steps forward, then backward, in a rhythmic motion
a person takes a step forward with the right leg while simultaneously lifting their right hands slightly in front of their face.
a person moves up abit forward and puts up right hand to show a sign of anger
person is making a hand gesture with his right hand.
a person stirs something with his right hand.
the right hand stirs in a big circle.
the stick figure moving his right arm in a circle.
a man holds his right arm out before lowering it.
a person lowers his left arm, then his right arm, and then stretches both arms out from his sides.
the man touches his left leg then his right leg and raises his hands again.
person is rocking on their feet from left to right and back again repeatedly.
a person is softly shifting their weight from their right foot to their left foot and back.
a man gentle sways from side to side.
a person walks in a clockwise oval.
the person walks anti clockwise in a circle
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle and stops before reaching starting point
person stands in the same spot while repeatedly bending both arms at the elbow toward their head.
a man is doing flexes of his arms
person looks to be warming up their arms with some weights
a person calmly walks forward and then stops.
someone is walking down a flight of steps
the person is walking forward.
well 8 rir it three years ago
the person is walking on something moving.
the person is walking forward and trying to balance theirself with their arms,
person gets up brings hand up in a "what" motion then circles over to the right.
a person is sitting down and stands up, making a gesture with their arms at their side and starting to walk.
startiong from a sitting position a person then uses arm rests to push themselves up into a standing position. they make a questioning gesture and walk off.
person is doing jumping jacks
person star jumps three times striding legs to side and at same time swinging arms together above the head three times
a person appears to be doing jumping jacks
person walks forward one step then turns around and walks over steps up then steps down
the figure takes a step forward and the turns around and appears to take two steps up stairs before dropping back down to ground level and turning to face his original position.
a person walks straight a few steps, turns around, then walks up an obstacle, then back down the obstacle.
a person walks forward, with a quickening step and stops tentatively, as they take their last step.
a person runs forward with both arms still by his/her sides, only allowing the hands to sway during the run.
a person walks forward.
a person walks on the spot and then in a backwards circle
a person walks right then left while facing forward
a person marching backwards then going forward around in the same motion.
a person walks clock wise in a partial circle
a person takes a step forward then turns and walks to their right.
a person walks to his right and stops.
a person is swinging his arms back-and-forth like a monkey.
a person is bent over forward, swinging their arms back and forth crossing them, back and forth, stands up straight, steps back and raises both arms creating a y
a person swings his arms out and in repeatedly, steps backwards and puts his arms in the air getting ready to jump.
a person, staying on helf knee, and raise arm , and keep balancing
person is seated with hands near face
a person is sat down and lifts their left arm towards their mouth.
person stands still with arms at side and hands swaying slightly.
a person stands upright with arms swinging slightly.
a person stands around and moves their body very slowly.
a person lays down on their side and then stands up and kicks out their red foot.
a man lays down and then gets back up.
a person lies down on the ground then stands and kicks up their leg
a person lowers their arms and rests their hands on their legs.
a person lowers their outstretched arms to rest on their thighs.
a man stands with arms stretched out horizontally then slowly lowers them to his hips.
a person step forward with left foot then places left then right hand on the ground and does a cartwheel.
a person does a cart wheel.
person is doing some cartwheel.
body reaches down to left, straighten and twist to right bring left arm up and then reaches back down to left side.
a person lifts an object and places it down in another spot.
a person lifts an invisible object, tilting it to the right.
person is standing with their knees bent and with a slightly wider stance, as if they're doing some kind of leg exercise
a standing figure with knees bent and arms extended sideways, drops it's hands on it's respective kees, moves it's torso and shoulders slightly from side to side several times, then assumes it's original position.
a person, slightly squatting with arms stretched out to the sides, lowers their arms, pauses and then raises their arms to the same stretched out position.
a person slowly hops up and down on both legs at the same time.
person is doing an exercise warm up.
person stands in place and takes repeated small jumps.
a man crouches and moves his arms around.
a person sitting down shifts both legs right and left in a swaying motion, while fiddling with something at shoulder length
person sitting with knees bent acutely swiveling body left to right and moving arms
person looks like they are making arm and leg circles as if they are doing breast stroke.
a man gets on his stomach and imitates a swimming motion/
the person lays on the ground and does a swimming motion with their arms and legs.
person walking with a limp.
a stick oerson taking a step to the side, turning backwards walking a line and repeating the motion.
looks like a person trying to walk in high heels, but unable to do so steadily.
the person is sitting down eating dinner.
someone shaking something and than eating it
a person is cutting his meal, then eats it.
a person side steps to the left and lowers themself into a chair before getting up and returning to their original position.
the person is sitting down.
a man walks backward to the right and sits in a chair for a moment, then gets up and walks forward.
a person is kicking a ball with left foot.
a person walks forward with a big right kick.
a man takes some quick steps forward, then kicks forwards parallel to the ground with his right leg, using the inside of this right foot.
a person holds both hands up to face momentarily.
a man raises his hands sideways to his face, then returns his arms to his side.
both hands reached up and touched head
a person with knees bent, curls up by hunching over, and then stands straight up.
a person is sitting on something and then stands up.
a person standing still then bends at the knees.
a person takes two steps backwards.
person is backing up.
a person takes one step.
a person stands looking left and right.
she scans the sky, first left, then right, then straight up, and finally to the left again.
a person stands straight turning his face from side to side.
a person takes in big steps in a hurry walking into the rectangular area while hands are dangling and swinging.
person walks forward quickly in the centre
person walks quickly down a short incline
person is stratching their arms.
a person leans to the right with left arm above head.
a person raises their left arm above their head and to the right, stretching their shoulder.
person is standing with their legs apart, they then do about nice small jumps up and down with feet in the same landing position each time.
person is jumping up and down.
a person stands with arms and legs spread apart and jumps in place repeatedly while holding the rest of their body still.
a person reaches back with an object, feign throwing, then throw it in front of them.
clasps hands together, then moves both arms rotationally and then finally throws with left arm. appears to be slightly anxious and very energetic
a person clasps their hands in frond of their chest then stands on one leg while swinging out their arm in a circular motion.
a person walking forward in a straight line.
the person is walking forward.
the person walks forward and stands there
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person wandering back and forth
the man takes 8 steps forward turns around and walks back.
a person gestures no using his right hand
a person raises their right arm and waves, and then moves their arms to the right in a negative manner, and then steps backwards with their left foot and then their right foot.
a person waves several times with his right hand
from a standing postion, the person puts both hands out in front of them, foot forward, as if to ward something off, before returing to a standing position
a person puts both hands in front of him.
a person holding both of there hands infront of them
a person taking a step backward in a right diagonal direction.
the person is standing there.
a man takes a step back to his right.
he runs forward directly then stops
that person is jogging forward.
the person is jogging forward.
a person catches an object with both hands and runs forward slightly to his right.
someone driving down the lane
a person catches something and runs forward.
the man puts his right knee out and back in, then puts his left knee out and back in.
a man is lying down and slightly shifts position.
man is lying down, sometimes moving his legs round and forth
a person walks carefully in a circle.
a person walks in a circle twice whilst keeping their body facing the front.
a person strafes from side to side making a tight counter clockwise circle, all while facing forwards
a person jogs in a straight line.
a man jogs forward on a slanted line.
a person runs forward with arms bent at the elbow
a person standing still, lifts both arms up and back over the right shoulder and then swings both arms in a downward motion.
a person striking a golf ball.
the figure brings both hands together, leans them towards the left and then motions both arms in a swing towards the right.
a person stands relaxed, turns and stands still again.
a person walks forward then stops and looks to the left and then turns and looks to the right.
a figure walks forward then stands expectantly, facing first to the left and then to the right
a person walks forward slowly, sits on a high object with arms on his hips, and then stands up
a person sits on a stool to their right and then stands up and turns to their left.
the person is sitting down on the stool.
walking in a straight line
a man walks forward, slightly bending his knees with both hands at his sides.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks to a spot, turns around and walks back.
a person walks quickly forward then turns counter clockwise walking forward to beginning position.
a person quickly walks across the room.
the person was walking around to the right and then turned around and walked back.
a person walks forward, then turns and jogs back.
a person walks around the floor then runs forwards.
the person raises his right arm and points, steps to his right and pauses like he is talking to someone, then raises his arm and points again.
a person side steps to the right and reaches up with his right hand grab something.
person is waving and walking.
she jumps up and down, kicking her heels in the air.
person is jumping up and down vigorously and putting their legs back
a person jumps multiple times.
someone is standing on the ground but they are putting their hands in their face.
a person raises both hands to their face.
a person lifts both his hands and brings them till his face.
a person walks forward while twisting their torso side to side.
walking while swinging both arms from left to right
a man walks forward while swinging his shoulders from side to side.
a man walks forward, stops and turns in a circle and walks forward again and picks some thing up. then turns in another circle and walks forward again
a person grabs something at eye-level and begins to walk away, but walks back and puts something down closer to the ground before walking away again.
the person is walking to the left and then to the right.
a person steps side to side as though dancing, swings their hands over their head multiple times and then claps their hands in front of themselves.
a person is dancing and moving their hands in the air and then claps.
a person bounces up and down and steps to the left and right while waving his arms over his head
the sim is standing before moving to a crawling position.
the person steps backs up.  gets down on their knees and crawls forward
a person takes two steps back then gets on their knees and crawls fowards
a person makes several hand gestures and appears to move objects around.
a man reaches forward, pulls back a lever with his right hand, and then he shuts a door with his left hand.
person reaches forward, pulls hand back with something in hand. turns right, extends arms open as if opening a coat, then resumes original stance
person steps left forward pivots on leg and turns around walks back and faces other direction
a person walks, turns around, and then walks back
a person walks forward and turns on their foot before walking back
a person is pretending they are a cat.
a person stands with both arms in front of the body bent at the elbows as if holding something, while simultaneously using the right hand in an up-and-down gesture as if petting something.
a person holding something in front of them waves their hand around as if petting something
a person grabbing something and then walking with object, while looking down the entire walk.
someone is walking to the right, grabbing something, and then walking back and taking some more steps.
person walks to the right then turns around and walks left
person stands still moves forward one step on right foot and stumbles
a man is standing and lunges out with left foot while reaching arms out as if he is going to grab or hug something.
a man steps forward and lands on his right foot.
a person stayed on the place, and raised right hand and made circle
a man is standing up from the ground. first he moves left arm up and then in circular motion the. he then lifts right arm up and moves it in opposite circular motion to left arm.
the person is waving to the right and to the left.
a person jogs at a medium pace.
a person is running in the street
a person running towards something.
person moves forward a few steps then stops and then moves to their right and then moves backwards then moves two steps forward
moving forward and backward create "i" image.
the man walks forward and back
a person walks briskly in an 's' shape around the floor.
someone starts stumbling towards the right, then starts to stumble in a figure eight position to realign and halt before completing the figure eight.
a person walks around in an "s" shape.
person walks up stairs holding onto bannister with right hand
a person is walking up stairs using their arms as support against wall or railing.
walking up stairs to the right
a man lifts a weight over his head.
a person does the exercise known as an overhead push press with dumbbells.
both arms are above the head as the knee slightly bends down then up.
a person bending their legs up and down, doing squats.
a man is doing some lunges.
a person squats down halfway, two times.
a person stretches calves and tip toes.
person stands still then bends knees and lifts feet up and down on ground
a person is standing straight, and stands on their tippy toes a couple times before returning to the regular standing position.
hes doing a slow motion jumping jack.
a person jumps as if to do and jumping jack.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person picks up an object with both hands and lifts it to the right and then returns it.
the person is lifting something with both arms then he turns to his right as his left arm comes in front of him, across his body.
a person puts a medium sized box on a shelf.
a man leans slightly to the right, then walks forward.
a person walks forward, they have a long gait.
a person is standing upright and walking forward, with arms down by their sides.
a person moves ahead a few steps quickly.
a person walking forward .
the person is walking fast.
a person grabbed and sratching something with right hand
a person leans over a bit while flipping something with their right hand.
person appears to wipe something with right hand.
person is using a touch screen
the person was standing with his arms straight out then brought them down in front of him and did something with his right hand.
man raises right arm in front of him and pushes forwards several times, as if tapping on something.
a person walks casually in a zig-zag motion
a man walks forward, then turns left and walks a few more steps, then turns right, then takes 1 step, then turns left and walks several steps and stops.
a person walks in an erratic tight loop
a person lifts an object above head with both arms.
a person appears to be raising his arms.
the figure facing forward has its arms bent in a flex motion, it appears to be struggling lifting weight; it bends the object twice upwards.
the person is rasiing a hand.
a man leans to the right and slighlty elevates his left heel, while touching his forehead with his left hand.
a person leans to the right while lifting their left hand toward their face.
the person is walking slowly.
the person slowly walks forward
a man slowly walks forward.
throwing something underhand style.
man uses his right arm to throw something.  he then uses both arms and puts them over his head as if to shoot a basketball.
a man bats at something underhanded with his right arm, then brings both arms up to bash at something coming in at him from above.
a person stand in a neutral position then strafes to the right.
s person just standing still
person moves quick to their right hand side side on
the girl jumps down from the bed onto her feet and slowly walks away.
a man is doing squats.
a person is weightlifting something above their head with both arms.
a person standing then shifting their weight from the right leg to the left leg and shifting their weight back to the right leg.
a person shifts to the left the to the right and back again.
a person who is looking from side to side
person stretching the whole right side by lifting the right arm and leaning sideways to the left
person is stretching to the side.
a person stretches their arm over their head
person opens a bottle then proceeds to drinking it while holding it with right hand
a person uses their left hand to pick up a can or bottle, and their right hand to open it with something like a can open.   they set that down and transfer the can or bottle to their right hand and drink from it.
a figure seems to put something together to drink then drinks it
a person raises both arms into the air then puts them down
a person throws something up with both hands
the person is throwing something.
the person is running very quickly.
a person is running fast in a forward direction.
a person quickly sprints forward.
a person takes four steps turning 90 degrees to the left as they do so.
a man walks forward while gradually taking a turn to the left.
a person walks forward then curves to the right and stops.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward then climbs up something on left hand side
a person walking up an elevated surface
a person leans forward with both hands together, then extends their right arm, then reverses and repeats the same motion.
a person hunces forward gives something with the right then takes it back with the right.
person leans forward and picks up item  and puts it back
a man using both hands to lift something off ground and places it back on ground in a slightly different position
a person picks up and moved an object from left to right.
a person picks something up and puts it down to the side
a man postures his arms like holding a dance partner and dances the waltz from the left hand side to the right hand side.
a person dances the cha cha cha.
a person is dancing, holding an invisible partner, moving from one side to another.
the person walks forward, then walks to their right and steps up and down as if stepping over or on obstacles.
a person walks, looking for a path, while avoiding obstacles on the ground.
a person walks forward, makes a left turn, and walks forward in a new direction while stepping over two obstacles.
a person lifts an object with both hands, rotates the object clockwise, then puts it back down.
person tries to lift a tray then touches their right arm as if they hurt a muscle then they continue lifting the tray.
a person stands slightly bent over, as if the back was hurting. they then seem as if they are lifting a heavy box, and slowly moving it to the left side.
a man casually takes 5 steps up an invisible flight of stairs.
a man is walking forward and then seems to climb up a flight of stairs.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person alternately uses his hands to illustrate a high-spirited drumming motion.
a man paws at the air with both hands in vigorous vertical patting motions.
man standing, raising and lowering both hands rapidly like bouncing to balls at the same time.
a person powerfully jumps straight into the air, then rebounds with a small hop backwards.
a person stands in place and jumps up.
somone jumps up and down while lifting their arms.
person dances slowly, undulating right arm, then left arm, turning left and right, then backing up.
the person is dancing and moving around.
a person dancing similar to michael jackson.
person puts his right arm out to the side and swings it back and forth as if encouraging
a person walks forward, making circular motions with their right hand.
a person walks forward whilst rotating their right arm anti-clockwise.
a person bend forward slightly with both elbows up to shoulder level but having forearm dropping down, and keeps walking steadily till reaching the end of the rectangular area.
an overhead animation of a human figure is walking. as it walks, a crack in the ground forms underneath it
a person crouches and walks forwards on their toes, slowly.
a person walks unbalanced as if they are on a tight rope.
a person walks forward several steps then loses their balance, hesitates and leans towards the right; takes several more steps with their body swaying towards the left,
a person walks on a balance beam, briefly losing his balance, regaining his balance, and he continues on.
a person who seems to be mixing two different substances
a person pours something into an object then steps away
a person rifht red arm shacking, while back up raising there left arm like they was reaching for something,before back up even more.
a person performs multiple dance moves and ultimately ends up in a relative position diagonally to the left.
a person dances forwards, shaking out their limbs, does a spin with a moonwalk, throws up both arms, and ends in a pose with one hand on their hip and the other arm raised.
the person appears to be dancing.
a person picks something up to the left at table height and moves it to table height on their right.
a man reaches to pick something up on his left, moves it to his right, and sets it down.
a man picks something up from the left and places it on the right.
a person does a single jumping jack.
a person is standing upright and does a full jumping jack.
a person standing in place does a low effort jumping jack without moving feet far apart.
a person jumps to the right and then stops.
the person is jumping from one side to the other.
a person jumped to the right side once.
a person squats to lift something up then struggles to carry and put it down.
crouching down then walking.
a person bends down and picks something up and then sets it down
a person dances while moving their hips.
a man's hips sway from left to right in a clockwise motion.
a person holds their arms out, waves their head around, then waves their hips.
the person is  jumping over to the side.
a person jumping to the right
someone is jumping to the right.
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion but does not return to their original position.
the person walks in a semi circle counter clockwise
a man walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards.
a person crawls along the floor
a person starts out standing, then gets down and starts crawling.
person is a squat position raises both arms out horizontal and holds them
a man standing with a wide stance, hands on his thighs, suddenly brings his arms out to shoulder height.
a man stands still in a huddle position and the raises his arms to his side.
a person stretches both arms to their side and hold it for a few seconds before releasing
person puts arms at side and then raises them briefly. movement is repeated.
a person raises his arms straight out from his sides several times.
a figure walks forward drifting slightly left taking six steps and halts.
a person walks and steps over gap.
a person walks straight for a few paces and then wanders to their left.
a person walks forward to the right and then back to the left and then back to the right and then back to the left.
a person walks to the right then back to the left and repeats the motion.
figure climbs onto surface, then walks forward side to side manner, covering the surface before stopping at the forward edge.
a person puts his right hand to his head.
the person waves hello to their neighbor
character walks a step forward, brings right hand to the face as to groom or style longer hair.
the person is kicking to side.
a person steps forward and swings right leg across their body to the left and steps back
a person steps forward and kicks, then returns to their starting position.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks forwards slowly.
a person is swinging a bat to hit the ball.
a person puts their hands together to the right of their right shoulder, and twice swings their arms forward, as if they were swinging a baseball bat.
a person swinging a bat
a person picks up something on the ground on his left side he picks it up to eye level and inspects it then puts it back on the floor to the left side
a man picks something with his right hand, shakes it, then puts it back.
a person bends down, picks something up, then moves their hand around and sets the item down
a person balances on their right leg, while using their left leg to kick and move about.
standing on one foot with arm outstretched.
a person is holding his left leg up and touches his right knee with it.
a person walks around in a quarter circle.
a person slowly walks forward and to the right.
a man hunches over, and drangs something over tonthe side.
a man carefully walking side by side bending half way down
the man creeps sideways to the left.
swinging legs around and looking around while standing
person stands still and flicks his leg kicking then swings it back
a person is stepping on something
a person picks something up and puts it down to the right
displace from right to left
the person is moving soemthing.
a person steps back and kicks forward with their left foot, then steps back again and punches with their right hand.
a man kicks his left leg out then turns around and punches twice with his right hand.
a person kicks with their left leg with a lot of force, then punches with their right hand lazily
a person takes a step forward, moves to theor right, them continues foward with their right hand on a rail.
a person walks steadily along a path while holding onto rails to keep balance.
a person walks forward carefully with arms extended.
someone is looking at the time
a person bends their right arm at the elbow and then lowers it again.
a person checks his watch.
walking in a diagonal line with arm outstretched.
a person practice ballroom dancing by themselves
this person moves around left to right with arms in front as if to dance.
a person leaning forward.
this person was standing still and then lunged.
person moves hips back and body forwards in a sudden motion. looks like they recoiled.
this person shuffles backwards then forward and to the side.
someone is jogging in place with there hands in running mode
the person is jogging around and in place.
a person stayed on the place and after raised right hand
toon is standing still raising their right hand and motioning as to coordinate a musical band.
the person waives their right hand around and finally brings both hands together.
a man stands up and turns slightly to the left, then walks in a circle.
person gets up from floor and walks in circular pattern
the person walks around in a circle
person is slow walking down.
a person steps foreward and throws something with right hand then pauses and takes another step foreward.
a person throws something forcefully with their right hand and then steps in the direction they threw
a person walks in a line starting first to the right, then forward, then left for a distance, and then forward again.
a person slowly walked in right direction and after forwar and after left direction
a person walks, turning left at right angles; zig-zagging.
walking forward with arm outstretched.
standing up bent over turning the page
the man is pretending to open something
a person seems to be playing the guitar
a person plays guitar and strums with left hand.
a person playing the guitar, strumming on the left
the person is dancing by moving both his hands around
a person waving his arms and bouncing at the knees as if dancing.
a person dances in celebration, thrusting their arms in the air and moving side to side.
a man raises his left and right arms while exercising.
a person stands on the spot and swings arms in a grabbing motion then kicks with their left foot.
a person moving arms and left leg in a certain motion
a man lifts something up with two hands and then puts it back.
a person picks something up, tilts it, then sets it down
a person moving something from their left to right and back left
a person walks forwards diagonally with a swaying motion.
a figure is walking forward slightly to the right.
a person simply walking forward.
person is standing there then moved over and back.
a person is pushed slightly to their left, catching themselves with their left foot.
person take a move to the left.
a person lifts up only their left arm above shoulder height, lowers their left arm and lifts up both arms above shoulder height, lowers both arms and then lifts as high as they can before bringing both arms back down to shoulder height.
a person curls a dumbbell first in one arm, then both.
a person lifts both arms into the air.
a person is standing still, only slightly swaying both arms at the end.
this person is standing still.
he stays very very still
a person walks around in a clockwise circle
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person is walking in an oval pattern before coming to a stop.
a person appears to be washing his hands with soap.
a person  walks to a sink washes their hands, uses a soap dispencer and carries on washing their hand
person walks forwards and then cleans their hands
the man does 3 jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks.
person doing three full jumping jack exercise
a man shakes his arms and legs, makes a small jump and then stretches his body to the right and  to the left.
a man seems to be warming up for an excercise
a person shakes their hands, hops, and swings their arms, loosening their muscles.
a man picks up cup and pours it into his mouth
a person turns clockwise and takes a step back, before grabbing something with their right hand and drinking it.
a person holds a beverage and drinks it.
person is walking backwards with hands at their sides.
taking long strides backwards, starting with the left foot.
the person is stepping backward.
a person standing stationary holds their left hand chest height, extends their left arm straight out, and then lowers their left arm while relaxing their body.
a person motions forward with their left hand.
the left arm extends forward then drops to the waist.
a person who is clapping their hands
a person clapping their hands
the person clapped his hands four times.
a standing person lifts their left hand and slowly touches their head
person stands still and lifts right hand to face and mouth area
person is scratching their head.
man moves forward jumping from one foot to the other
a person runs with wide spread legs
person jumps forward diagonally with one leg at a time.
a figure walks forward to the left then turns back and seems to place something on a shelf
a person walks forward turns around walks back grabs something above their head.
a person walks back and forth several times, occasionally reaching up to touch something unseen.
a person leans over a coffee table, balancing himself on the table with his left hand, and he picks up a cup with his right hand.
a man walks forward, leans on something for a moment, then walks backward to his starting position.
a person walks forward and bends to pick up an object with their right hand, and then steps backwards.
a person takes two steps forward, turns sharply, and then takes two steps back in the direction he came from.
figure steps forward two steps, then swivels on left foot a half turn to walk back to where it began.
a person is walking and then turns around ang walks back.
a person is spinning and a circle and then kicks his red foot.
a man in spinning in circles and then stops.
a person spins in circles and then kicks with their right leg.
he crouches with his hands up
a person raises both arms up, crouches to the floor, and stands up while putting their arms out straight, then they raise them again,
a standing person crouches down with both arms lifted up above head.
using his left hand he smacks his right arm bicep.
the person is punching the air.
a person lashes out with their left hand, punching.
person walks in an arc path
a man turns counterclockwise and walks in a wide circle, then turns around clockwise.
a man walks counterclockwise
a person takes a step forward right their right leg, then brings the left foot next to the newly placed right foot.
a person made a diagonal step with the right foot first followed by the left foot.
a man takes a large step forward.
a person steps forward, turns around and walks to the back.
the person is walking very slowly.
a person paces forwards and backwards, turning around so they are always walking forward.
person is jogging and then gets down and walks like an ape and then gets back up and jogs again.
a person/ animal comes to a stop. bends over onto all fours and crawls for a bit. stand back up and runs off.
a person in running and has to crawl under an obstacle to continue
a person at a standstill starts running, then stops.
the person is jumping in place.
a man jogs without moving his position.
a man walks foward ,makes a u turn to the right side ,walks and then stops.
person walks forward then turn around to the right and walks back
the figure walks forward a couple steps, turns right 180 degrees and then walks back to the originally starting point.
a person walks forward in a straight line that is slightly leaning to the right.
a person is walking
a model walks down a run-way.
the person practices their salsa dance routine
the person is dancing salsa.
the man is doing salsa dance
a person picks up two objects then steps forward
a person walks forward, bends down to each side to pick something up with his hand.
the person is reaching over picking something up from the left and the right
the person is greeting someone.
a person slowly walked forward and resised the both hands
a person walks forward, raises both hands, steps back and bows.
a person walking forward and stands still.
a person walks forward and comes to a stop.
the person is walking forward.
a person is standing and clapping hands.
a person is clapping for a long time
a person standing and clapping.
a person walks forwards and turns right
a man walks forward gently a few paces, making a small semi-circle motion to his right.
a person walks towards his right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle and stops.
the man is doing catwalk
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a man sprints forwards, stumbles with his arms placed wide, and then takes a seated position whilst looking over his right shoulder.
a person runs to get the only remaining seat.
a person hurriedly throws themselves into a chair
a person holds the right side of their jaw like its painful.
the person has a very painful toothache.
a person is holding their hands up to their face.
a person stretches both arms gently up, then bends their elbows while keeping their arms above their head.
a person with their arms above their head stretches their arms upwards.
a man has both of his arms raised.
a person does the floss dance.
a man is dancing while standing still.
person rocks side to side while swinging arms.
person person is kicking in with his foot.
a person with their right leg grounded, does a kick with their left that is perpendicular to their right.
a person kicks with its left leg.
this person rolls on the floor then lifts himself up.
person is laying down on their left side and rolls over to their left to sit up and then stand up.
a person rolls over, stands up from the ground, and leans forward.
a person quickly shuffles to the left before pausing, then quickly shuffles forward towards their right.
person walks fast in a semi circular motion clockwise, then rapidly in a straight line.
a person quickly walks forward, then makes a 90 degree turn to the right, and quickly walks before turning around and facing the direction they came from
a person reaches for something with his left hand.
a person stretching their back from twisting and extending arm.
a person reaches out in the air with his left arm.
a man moves backwards to the left and dodges something, then diagonally and dodges something else.
the person is walking like he’s drunk.
a person taking a step back down a level, and then returning to the higher level avoiding something by dodging.
a figure jogs lightly in a figure eight
the person is running in circles.
a person runs in a clockwise circle and then a counterclockwise circle
a person marches in place, stands, and then runs in place
figure marches in place slowly, pauses, runs in place slightly forward, pauses, then runs in place at a faster pace slight forward and leftward.
a person jogs in place.
a person dances while moving his hands simultaneously as well as his left leg and then changes to his right leg.
a human figure is seen slightly dancing
person is moving or playing something with hands while standing up.
a person, walking forward, and after doing slow move with left leg, and walk back
a person walks forward swings foot right and walks back to where they started.
a person walks forward two paces then turns around 180 degrees then walks back to where they started
a person makes an obscene gesture using both arms while rotating as if to do it to several people.
a man is holding his left arm out with his right hand placed on left lower arm, using his right for arm to do a "come here" motion.
person holds right arm up and grabs right arm with left arm and pushes arm forward five times
person is likely lifting dumb bells.
a motions to come towards them with both of their arms.
a person curls both arms upwards at the elbows while standing
a person exercising his chest.
a person stretching their chest by extending arms and shoulders outwards.
the person is waving arms around.
the person puts their hand on their face then squats down like theyre going underwater
this person is doing swats and holding arms in front.
the person is standing up and down holding their head.
the person is holding his arms straight out.
a oerson reachea their right hand forward to shoulder height.
a person raises their right arm and places it on something. they then they remove it.
person is waving to an audience
a person waves as if to a crowd, turning right then left as he does so.
a person waves their right hand repeatedly.
person jumps to side four times liftng legs and arms out to the side
a person performing jumping jacks
a man is doing jumping jacks and then stops.
a person takes four steps, right foot first then left foot, moving forward.
a person walks forward and then takes a larger step and raises arm, trying to regain balance after stumbling.
person moves forward and staggers on left leg for balance
a person is walking in a circle while swinging his arms around.
a person lazily walks in a clockwise circle, swinging their arms loosely as they go.
a man walks slowly in a clockwise circle, with his arms hanging limply by his sides as if he's bored.
walks in semicircle to left and turns right round to walk back a few steps
moving on the floor create some thing like a drew.
a person paces from left to right in a figure 8 motion.
a person takes a single step down.
a person steps forward to their right.
person is standing forward.
the person is  walking down.
a person walks forward quickly and aggresively.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a man takes two steps forward and turns back
a person takes two steps forward then spins around on their left foot in the opposite direction and then takes two steps forward again.
a person walks forward spins to the right then walk back
person is acting like a dancing animal.
a person dancing around like a monkey.
a person has a wide stance and moves about in a bouncy and light way while holding their arms up in the air
a person walks forward 6 steps and on takes a bigger step on the second step.
a person walks forward akwardly.
a person is walking forward going slight zigzag.
the person is preforming a swimming stroke know as the butterfly stroke.  the arms swing from behind the head and reenter the water propelling the person forward.
a man diving into water, swimming.
a man swimming using both hands together while kicking his feet in unison.
a person aggressively picks up an object with both of their hands and puts it on their shoulder.
the person picks something up and then lifts it up
a person lifts an object and stumbles around.
a person standing up jumps one time, then is pushed to the left by something from the right, then shuffles to the left, then regains composure and terminates velocity.
a person jumps up once and then quickly steps over to their left.
a person jumps and then side steps to the left.
the person is sitting down.
a person slowly slides their back down a wall, bending their knees into a squat position.
a man squats down by bending his knees.
takes a few steps forward then jerks back a step just to go forward a few steps again.
a person walks forward, walks quickly backward, and then walks forward again.
a person moving forward then quickly moves back a couple steps then moves forward again.
someone takes two steps forward then does a spinning heel turn on one foot and returns to their starting position.
a man walks forward, spins on his left leg and walks in the opposite direction.
a person walks forward and then spins around clockwise and walks back where they came from
a person is sitting
the stick figure moves its left hand to the top of its neck.
a person is sitting while moving his hands.
a man side steps to the right.
a person strafes one step to the right, our left.
a person while standing takes and step sideways.
a man stays in place while hopping up and down, keeping his upper body still and bending only at the knee and ankle.
a person jumps 5 times.
a man jumps up and down in place.
a person brings his and to his face to cry
a person lifts their hands to their head, then holds their head in their hands while oscillating their head back and forth.
a person holds both hands up to his face and shakes.
a person walk sidewalk to right direction
a person moves to the right side and stops
a person is standing and starts walking sideways.
someone puts their right foot forward while reaching up and to the right with their right hand, then lowers their right hand while they put their right foot back, then raises their right hand to face-level, then lowers it, then raises both hands to face-level, then lowers both.
the person is making a peaceful gesture with his hand.
a man raises his right hand twice then both hands once.
a person walks in a right bend direction.
the person walks in a curve
a person walks while turning to the right.
man is holding something with both hands and raises right hand and returns it to item he is holding.
a person walks forward before reaching forward with their right arm
a person something to someone and waiting for something back
a person walks and turns left.
person walks with arms to side forward the starts to curve to their left in shape of 1/4 circle.
person walks forward and to the left for 4 steps
a person walks forward in a straight line putting one foot in front of the other in a tightrope motion with their arms up.
a person walks like on a tightrope, one foot in front of the other, with arms raised.
a stick figure person walks slowly in a straight line as if walking a tight rooe.
person dribbles an air basketball and walks forward
someone is dribbling a basketball while walking down the screen
person is walking down.
a person carefully walks backwards, placing his feet in very specific spots
a person walks backwards in a curve .
a person is looking down and walking backwards but in a straddle stance, trying to avoid stepping on something.
a person starting crouched forward, stands up and stretches right and left.
the person does various stretches.
a person swing the upper core body and raised the hands to warm up
person is always walking forwards form their perspective but turns their body so their path is clockwise.
a person walking forward, turns right then walks back.
a person is walking in a counter clockwise direction.
a lerson lifts their right arm with elbow bent, out to a 90 degree angle to their body.
person lifts their right arm up to their side and puts it back down again
a person raises their right hand.
a person sits down in a chair and then gets back up.
person moves backwards, sits down, then stands back up.
a man steps back and sits down before standing back up.
a man is running in place.
a person is jogging/hopping in place with their arms raised to waist level, almost as if getting ready for a fight or a race.
the person is jogging in place.
a man does four different body builder poses.
person is flexing muscles.
a figure makes several body building poses while standing.
the man shifts his weight between his feet while lifting his right arm to his face.
a person, opened something with both hand and after opened it with left hand, and drinked it
the  person is having a cold drink using his right hand.
a person squats down, bending at the knees and bringing their hands together in front of them, then stands up.
a person is squatting down
a person performs two squats
the person is sanding in place.
a person hops on their right leg.
a person moves up and down
a person walks forward a few steps.
a person walks forward moving slightly to the right and stops
a person slowly walking forward
a person dances the salsa.
a person dances, moving both arms and legs to a salsa rhythm.
a person is performing the waltz dance with a partner.
the person had his arms on his knees then put them straight out.
a person stands with arms at sides, feet angled out, and knees bent and holds the pose for a while before raising both hands out and stopping just above shoulder-height.
person is bending down and raises arms to the side
individual has arm bent out to the side parallel to the ground, bent at the elbow with the forearm up. individual moves arms up then back to starting position three times.
a person lifts something above their head several times.
a standing man lifts something over his head several times.
a person sits down in a chair backwards.
=the man sits then stands up
a person walks forward with their left hand by their right upper arm, they then turn right and straddle an object and sit down with their hands together at chest height, then they stand up, step back, then walk forward.
a person gets on his hands and knees and crawls to the left then turns around and crawls back to the right and stands back up on his feet.
the person is crawling around.
a person gets on the ground and crawls in and returns to get up.
a person is walking up and greeting someone.
a person walks forward, waves, turns and walks back to their original location.
man walks slowly forwards with his hands to his sides for 2 seconds then he raises his right arm and waves to the right, man turns around 180 degrees and walks back to the starting point.
a man takes a large single stride slightly out to the front and right, leading with his right leg.
a person steps down from an elevated place.
person walks down one step moving slightly to their right
a person throws six punches with their right hand.
a man punches 6 times with his right hand.
the person is boxing with his left and right hand.
a person looks around, walking
a person appears to be stumbling around looking for something or unable to see properly.
a person goes back and forthe forming a clockwise circle.
a man squats his upper body up and down several times.
a person exercising doing squats while holding extra weight above shoulders.
a figure holds both arms up at 90 degrees and then squats down, then stands up.
a person walks very slowly.
a person slowly walks forward
this person slowly walks across the floor at a steady pace, while swinging his arms as though he is is very confident.
the person is walking back-and-forth around a bend,
a person walks in a curve to the right.
a man walks anticlockwise,turns back clockwise and walks foward in a c -shape ,stops and then turns back and walk.
a person walks in a u-shape going left then right.
a person slowly walked in right direction and after made a circle
walking in a circular pattern.
left hand on the hip while the right hand is swung back and forth while walking around.
the person is walking with his handbag.
a person jumps up and down with their hands in the air.
a person raises both arms above head and jumps up and down.
a person is jumping in the air with both arms parallel above their head.
stick man with no head is standing in straightforward position.
someone striking motorcycle pose while standing
a man stands completely still with his arms in front of him.
a person stretching both arms.
a person stretches an arm, then raises both arms.
a person rotates both shoulders, stretches his left arm across his chest and lifts bot arms above their head.
someone is planning violin with their right hand
person is playing a violin or something.
right arm move across upper torso to left arm as if playing a violin.
the person is jumping and spinning.
he does a airkick in the air
a person kicks their leg in the air then jumps into a spin
walking forward with both hands swinging
a person walks down a ramp, then stops.
a person walks forward at a brisk pace.
person appears to wipe some thing with their right hand.
a person walks forward and makes a waving motion twice with his right arm, and repeats the movement one more time.
a person steps forward slightly then waves with its right hand.
person rotates to side then puts hand near mouth elbow bent and stays in position
he looks around and then stopped
a person is talking on the phone
a person leaned the right hand nea to face and walked backwards
the person holds their cheek as if in pain.
the man is holding his face in his hand then takes a few backwards steps.
a person bends forward in a bowing motion.
standing moving the top of the body down toward the hip and back up. taking a bow.
a figure standing prone before taking a deep bow and then slow raising
the person is completely still with his left arm up.
the man takes his left hand, raises it, and then lowers it towards his hips.
a person is sitting on a bench. they look to their left. they look to their right. they check the time.
a person brings his right arm to his face.
a figure flexes his right arm above his shoulder while flexing his left arm below, forming a body builder pose
the person is holdings arm up.
a person takes one step forward with their right foot and then with their left to end with their feet side by side.
a person takes one step forward.
a person walks forward with their right leg and then their left leg.
a person walks forward, stoops then stands and steps backwards.
character takes a few steps forward. squats down then place right hsnd on leg ans stands up. then takes a few steps backwards.
a person walks forward, squats down, stands back up, and then walks back
a person is kneeling to tie the laces on the left shoe.
kneeling down and tying shoe.
a person kneels down to tie their shoes and gets back up.
a person hops on their left foot in circles, with their elbows bent.
hopping on one foot in a circle
the person hops around on their left leg.
a man uses his hands to bounce a basketball twice and takes two big steps forward, then jumps up high with the basketball in his hands and brings his hands up and lets go of the basketball to score a point.
a person dribbles a ball with both hands, takes a step forward, and jumps up with their right arm extended above them.
a fast pace stepping forward with dribble hands then takes a shot.
a man sits down and then stays still.
he sits down in an armchair.
a person is standing up with their arms out to the sides, then sits down and rests their hands on their knees.
a person throws with their right arm
a right handed man playing tennis
a person swings his right arm in the air.
a person shifts around in place like a zombie, raising their arms up and down.
the figure is making moving its arms like its a monster trying to scare someone.
a person is stood up his legs are still and his arms are moving up and down whilst he turns his body to the left and right
the person is shivering and then rubbing their hands together to stay warm.
hands go to the chest moving back and forth, right hand place on the left upper arm as while as left hand is place on the right upper arm.
imitates a person in cold weather. brings hands to face as if blowing warmth then rubbing hands together rapidly.
he stays still then moves
a man/woman taking a step leading with his/her right foot
a figure takes a step forward with their right foot.
person shifts weight forward onto right leg while reaching down, returns to neutral position before moving right arm back and forward in a repetitive motion.
person leans down slightly and grabs something with his right hand, then gets up and turns to his left, reaching downwards for something with his left hand before getting up and making several jerking motions back and forth with his right hand.
a man side steps over, bends down to grab an object, and repeatedly runs his hand along it as if to be scratching it
a person steps forward with right foot.
a person walks a couple steps forward.
person walking forward one step.
a man places his left hand on his neck.
person stretches their right arm to the left shoulder, makes a quarter turn to their right and stretches again, makes another quarter turn to their right, and stretches again
person puts right arm across body and then keeps right arm crossed and does a turn to right  and then lowers then puts left hand across body
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walking forward in slow motion.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks slowly with a slight sway in each step.
a man walks forward with his arms at his side.
the man list his left arm and appears to be knocking on something. then does it with his right arm, and takes a few steps backwards.
a person greets with left hand and then with right hand.
a man swings his right arm and then his left arm.
person is walking towards the right and then the last and then back to the right.
moving and wake the zigzik on the floor.
this person walks in a zig zag motion from back to front.
squats down, roll rapidly than sets something on right side.
a person sat on something and raised the hands
a person is sitting rubs their hands back and forth and then sets them on a table.
a person picks up something and pours the liquid in another object. then leaves it back, picks up another object and repeats the process again.
a person is mixing something
he does double pour directally
a man takes seven steps forward and slightly to the right
the person is walking slowly.
the body is slowly walking forward.
a person walking up stairs.
the man moved backwards slowly
a person walks up a staircase, then stops.
a person extends his right arm and hand out in front of him in a pronated position.
peron standing and put left arm out.
a person puts his right arm forward.
a person walks and trips to his left and then recovers.
a oerson walks forward seems to get pushed to the right and then looks and continues
a man walks forward and then stumbles to the side before resuming course.
i feel like this animation is skipping or maybe running in a u shaped path with twisting every stop
someone seems to be dancing
person walks around lightly, quickly switching their feet as they walk
a person bounces right hand in front of body, then throws something with both arms.
a person takes two steps backwards and pats something like a ball in his hands.
person appears to bounce something tosses it in the air then hits it with left hand.
a person holds up both arms then lowers them one at a time
a person holds their right arm out to the side before letting it drop down.
the person is reaching hand out while standing.
a person stretches out his arms.
a person stretches first their right arm across their body, then their left.
a man pulls left arm to the right, then pulls right arm to the left.
the person is sitting and threw some thing.
from a seated position a person throws their right hand up then to the side before sanding up.
person throws a couple balls while sitting up on floor
a person is standing up, then sits down crossing their legs and stands back up.
a person sits down criss cross style and then begins to get back up.
a man sits down before getting back up.
a man raises his hands in front of his face, then does a front kick with his left foot.
man steps forward with right leg while lifting both hands towards face then lifts left leg and kicks at the height of his waist and lowers his foot back down just before lowering both hands.
a person takes one step forward with their right foot, then kicks upwards with their left foot.
a person performing a clean cartwheel.
a person does a cartwheel
a person cartwheels forward, leading with their right hand
a person throws an item with their right hand.
a person emulates throwing and catching a football.
a person throws a football with his right hand.
a person is swinging a tennis racket.
a person takes a wide swing with their left hand.
a person uses their left arm to smack someone across the face
person walking at a regular pace started on their left foot ending in their right foot.
a person walking fast on a treadmill.
a person is walking forward at a steady pace with both arms slightly swinging.
a person standing up with their knees outwards slightly lifts both of their arms two times outwards.
a person spreads out both arms and brings them up to shoulder height, puts them down, and then brings them up again.
a body is squated raising both arms up in position for ten seconds & then releases.
a person does a bow to the right, then to the left.
a person takes one step foward, makes a big bow to their front and then 2 smaller bows to their left. a person then takes 2 steps to the left
person with outstretched arms, lowers arms, steps forward bows to right, turns to left, gives shallow bow, turns to face right and steps forward
a person waves for someone to come over then waves normally.
the person was waving someone forward with his right arm.
a person signaling a vehicle in reverse to keep going, then to stop, to keep going, and finally to stop.
a person steps onto a narrow walkway, unsteadily moves across, and then back down to the ground.
a person steps up onto something, walks forward, then steps down
a person steps up and walks across the floor
a person, while standing, rubs their stomach with their right arm.
a person strokes their chest
a person rubbing their chest/stomach with their right hand.
a person answers a mobile phone call
a person answers a phone call.
a person is viewing their phone in their hand and uses a sliding motion with their finger it to answer a phone call. they then hold the phone up against their face, they have a slight rotation moving slightly clockwise and counterclockwise as well as switching their weight from the blue side to the right side while talking during the conversation, maybe feeling irritable. after the conversation, they drop their arm and hold the phone for a brief moment until they put it back into their pocket. they then withdraw the phone out of their pocket look at an incoming notification.
someone is sorting thorough things, and then carrying it somewhere
a person picks up an object with their right hand, crumples it up, and walks diagonally towards the left side of the screen, and places the object on the ground.
palming with his right hand then walks a few steps forward.
a person lifts a suitcase with right hand.
a person who is standing and leaning to his right reaches down and picks something up with his right hand and lifts this item very slightly four times in a row.
he starts carring a suitcase
person may be sitting down waving hands or painting something.
while crouched the person bends their forearms close to their chest while moving them up and down.
a person sitting doing a sterring wheel motion
the person is standing in place.
the figure curls an imaginary barbell with his left hand.
a person bends their arm at the elbow repeatedly
person is in a boxing stand, moving to the left to the right and hopping up and down slightly.
figure moves on heels forward to box.
a man has his arms up defensively in front of his body as he shuffles back and forth, then drops his arms, turns to his left, and starts walking.
both hands are in front of the face lightly moving back and forth as the feet wiggle.
a man is shaking both arms and legs.
a sitting person taps thier left foot on the ground while holding their hands up, arms bent at the elobows, moves their hands back and fourth.
a person hops up and down on one leg.
someone standing on both legs starts to hop on their left leg
a person raises the right foot, then hops on the left foot.
a person takes a jump rope and starts jumping rope.
a person begins to jump rope but loses it when he crosses the rope in front of himself, and begins again.
a man jumps up and down multiple times, stops, steps back and then resumes jumping.
a person lifts both of their hands around their mouth to vocalize something while looking to the left and right.
the person he raised his arms to his eyes left to right .
a person raises their hands near their face and slightly turns from side to side.
the person is jogging.
the person is running in place.
running fast in place forward.
this person does a short sprint forward, holding their arms up to their chest level.
the runner starts his course and then stops.
jogging forward in medium pace.
a person begins to wave
the person is likely throwing fist up.
a person was raising his left arm up while standing still.
a person passing a ball or just kicking the ground twice
person moves left leg forward then kicks out right leg once then kicks right leg out to side
a person kicks two balls with his right foot, the first to his left and the second to his right.
a figure calls to someone in the distance in exasperation
person is shouting and communicating with hand gestures
figure appears to be explaining something with hand gestures
a person walks slowly around objects on the ground.
a person walking forwad side by side and very crooked
a man walks forward slowly.
the person is stepping back swinging arms.
a person abruptly takes two steps backwards.
the person reacts to someone pushing them, by falling backwards and catching themselves before they fall.
the person walks forward and turns around.
this person walk forward then turn and walk back facing backwards/
the person takes two steps forward, pivots on his left leg to face the opposite direction and takes to steps.
a person standing forward, and shaking the both arms, up and down.
the person is hitting or patting something.
a person flaps their hands in front of their face quickly.
the person is walking around in a strange way,
a person dramatically bows and struts around with their hands clasped behind their back.
person with hands on back dances forward while bowing down
the man is moving his legs and arms
a person wobbles over to his left and then wobbles over to his right
a man is being aggressive towards another and then slaps the other in the head with his left hand.
the person is doing the moonwalk.
person moves in a small circle then goes backwards with right hand lifting something above his head
a person walks slowly forward, then moves slowly backward.
a man holds right hand to right side of head and begins panting like he's out of breath.
a person bends over and holds their head in pain.
a person grabs their head as if they are hurt.
a person reaches for something with their right arm and then their left arm then proceeds to scrub something with both arms, they then reach for something with their right arm and their left arm again
a person picks something up and holds it while rubbing object , then sets it back down.
the person is scrubbing something with their left  arm
a person lifts both hands into the air.
a person raising both hands and dropping them again
a person lifts up their hand as if fearful.
a person is walking forward using their right arm for support on something.
a person walking with support .
someone moving while holding table
person is backing up.
man walks backwards starting with his left foot first.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
the person is pointing towards someone.
someone is opening a door
a person lifts their right arm to extend it in front of them, points at something with the index finger, then returns their hand to their side.
the person is excercising with weights.
a figure moves his arms up and down from the elbow as if lifting invisible weights.
man lifts dumbells with both arms three times.
picture of a person standing on the floor with their legs slightly bent
a person stands without moving.
a person was just standing still.
a person standing and waving with his right hand.
a person raises his hand to shoulder height and waves
a man raises his right arm and waves.
person pacing from left to right ending in the middle.
a person paces back and forth.
a person walks from the middle to the right end then turns around then walks to the left end, then back to the middle.
stand up straight and bring your right arm out.
the man moves his hands
the person is shaking hands with his right hand.
person crouches forward slightly, then runs ahead, then backs up quickly and flaps his arms once.
a person crouch walks slowly from the front to the back and increases into a run.
a person bends over and moves forward and backward, then stands up and runs forward and back
a person tumbles backwards and stops.
a person gets pushed backwards where they stumble and catch themselves.
a person holds their arms out in front of their body then quickly steps backwards.
a person is excersising using arms and legs
a man stands marching in place, then picks up the pace to a slow jog.
the person is marching in place.
while walking forward he appears to be pushed, he rights himself and continues walking.
a person walks forward, stumbles backwards, then walks forward again
a man walks forward before stumbling backwards and the continues walking forward.
a person walks forward, then takes one big step to avoid an obstacle, and continues to walk forward.
the person slowly walks forward, near a right direction.
a person walks slowly foward and slightly diagonally right.
a person does a long step to the right.
someone taking a forward-right step in , leading with their right foot.
person takes a step diagonally forward and to the right with their right foot followed by their left.
a person walks around slowly, turning from side to side.
the sim walks to the end of the plane, before wobbling a bit.
a person walks slowly forward and turns to the right.
a person sits with his arms on his thighs, then raises his arms and leans to the left to avoid something.
a man in a seat suddenly moves his body to the right.
patting the knees in a squatting position then jerks the body to the right side.
the person is holding onto a handrail to walk.
person walking while balancing their hands on railings or another structure
a person  slowly walks along a line and holds their arms out.
a person is walking straight backwards.
person is walking backwards in a upward direction.
walks backwards at a normal pace.
a person jumps up and down switching feet while swinging his arms
the man is dancing happily
this person exercises using long strides and then using elbow to knee.
a person places something on their right arm and walks around placing their right hand on the item.
a person makes the action of putting one strap of a backpack on their right shoulder then they walk towards the camera and turn around to walk back the way they came.
a man rubs something with his left hand onto his right arms then walks forward.
the person lifts both arms in the air and drops them back.
person raises both arms and waves in circular motion.
a person waves over their head with both hands
a person walks, then sprints, then takes wide spaced steps.
a person walks then runs to the right, afterwards they turn around to walk back
slow walking velocity in a line to a quick burst of speed. unit during circle
person bends to pick up something approximately knee high on right side with right hand. he rotates to the left and takes that object and rubs it against something before returning it.
a person reaching/ bending down to grab/ wet object with right hand, rubbing/ cleaning motion with right hand.
a person dips down with their right hand extended, turns to their left and makes a washing motion with their right hand.
the left hand comes to the chest and moves back and forth in a waving motion.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person is waving his left hand.
a person is drippling a ball and shooting.
a person does a crossover dribble from his right to left hand and then shoots a basketball.
a person looks to be dribbling something with both hands, then makes a jump shot.
a sitting person sits very still.
the man is standing still like a statue.
a person standing in a strange posture
he throws very hard
the person threw something hard with the right hand.
a man stand still and then throws something with his left arm.
person has arms crossing.
a person crosses their arms in front of their chest, then drops them back at their sides.
a person stands in place, crosses their arms and then puts them down by their side
someone is walking forward
person is walking forward.
the arms moving back and forth as the body walks forward.
a person throws a baseball with right arm.
the person is throwing a football.
farmers walk for balance and posture
a person forcefully kicks with their left leg and then steps back.
a person side kicking with left leg.
the person is kicking soemthing.
the man is walking forwards and then backwards and then sideways to complete a circle.
the man moves forward at at normal place then moves to his left and walks backwards into starting position
a person slowly walks forward and in a clockwise path, walks backwards to their starting point.
he holds something up to his face and looks around, then lets it down.
a person pulls an item to their face, looks around and then puts it down
a man raises his right arm.
the person walks forward towards the  right three steps bends their shoulders downward and walks three more steps forward towards the right.
a person walks forward, stopping to bend down to their left half crouching under an object so they can stand back up and continue walking casually.
person walks forward, bends at waist and goes under structure, and continues walking
the person walks a couple of steps starting with the left foot
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward after standing still
person is walking up on a stair.
a person walks up stairs
a person climbs a set of invisible stairs, starting with their right foot and continuing with the left foot until they have climbed 4 steps.
a person lifts up right hand to face then looks right then left and then puts hand back down to their side.
a person looking at their right hand and turning their body from left to right and putting it back down.
a person looks around with a flashlight
a person takes a step forward
a person steps slightly forward, like he is being pushed from behind.
person takes a step forward
a person shuffles several steps forward, jumps, and shuffles several more steps forward.
a person is walking forward then takes a leap forward.
a person with their sholders up and stepping forward then jumps then steps forward
a person walks forward, picks something up with their right hand, and then pours it into a container.
a man walks ove , picks something up, then pours it into something else.
someone walks forward, then grabs something and brings it over to their right hand, then places it back with his left hand and grabs something else on the way back to his right hand.
a person waves their arms in the air then lowers them to their side.
he raises his hands over his head and waves his hands back and forth to signal his position, or gain someone's attention.
a man waves both of his arms up in the air,
the person turns around and sits on the ground and then stands back up.
this person walks to the left then sits down and gets back up to continue walking.
a man walks in a quater circle, sits down, then gets back up again
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person walks foward slowly while holding onto something with their arms for balance.
the person us walking and balancing on a rope and is holding another rope on each side of him.
a person is staggering backwards then forward.
a person stumbles with slightly bent knees back to the left, then turns and stumbles to the right
a person stumbles forward due to exhaustion.
a person running forward and going towards left.
a person runs forward to their left.
a man turns to the right as he jogs.
a man walks forward, to the end of the platform, then turns counterclockwise on his heel, before walking back to his starting point.
a man walks forward and then turn around and walks back.
a person walks forward pivots counter clockwise and walks back to where they started.
a man hold object up to his ear with his left hand, then puts his left hand down.
the figure holds its left arm up and moves back and fourth.
he takes a mobile phone
a man sets to do a backflips then fails back flip and falls to the ground
a man raises his arms, does a backflip and then falls to the ground.
a person raises arms overhead, does a backflip then falls
a man with his hands over his head turns left and right, then bends to the side left and right.
a person bends their arms up and stretches, rotating side to side a few different ways, then bending down and back up.
a person with his arms up and to the side tilts his body to the right, left, to the right side, left side, and then forward, tilting his body downwards.
a person swings their right hand out in front of their body, waits a few seconds, then does the same thing in reverse.
a person steps forward, reaches for an object with the right hand, steps back and then places the object down.
person walks forward, and makes the motion of opening a door with their right hand.
a person kneeling down to a quick crawl, before jumping back up swiftly.
a man crawls forward and then jumps up.
someone gets down on his knees, crawls forward, and stands up.
a person slowly walks counterclockwise, then does a dramatic squat pushing their arms out in front of them.
a person swaggers in a circle to the left and then goes into a squat position.
a person walks up and then walks around and then prepares to squat.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a person walks forward then turns to the right and stands.
a person walks in a quarter turn clockwise arc.
a man jumps up and down, flapping his hands.
a man bounces lightly on his toes while gently shaking his arms and shaking his wrists.
a man jumps up and down repeatedly slightly flapping his hands.
a man walks up stairs leading with his right foot.
a man climbs a set of stairs.
the man goes up 5 stairs.
the person is doing a dance twirl
a person does a dance and whirl while spinning counter clockwise
a man dances in circles with left arm uplifted.
a person is walking across the room and stepping over things.
a figure steps up on a block and then down, turns back around and steps up and down it again
somebody is climbing something and steps down from it as well.
a person lifting an object and displaying it vertically, before setting it back down horizontally.
a person pours out a bucket to the right.
lifts an imaginary item, flips it 90 degrees, then puts it back
a figure slowly winds up to throw something
a baseball pitcher  takes the ball in his right hand and rears back to prepare to throw the ball as hard as he can.
someone raises their right arm over their head and brings it down rapidly while their leg shifts backwards at the same time.
a person walking straight forward.
a person is walking in one place.
the person is walking forward and 10 steps.
a person air kicks with his right feet and left feet.
a man kicks forward with his right leg and backward with his left leg.
a person kicks outward with his right foot, then his left foot.
a person running while making the small circle
a man is running in a circular motion.
a person jogging in circle's
the person took a leap forward and then turned around and took a leap pack.
a man leaps once forward and once back.
someone jumps over something, turns around and jumps back over it, before getting ready to jump over it again.
a person is stepping their foot up
person lifts left leg off the ground then stamps it down
a person stomps on something with his left foot.
a person slowly walks forward.
user walks very slowly and carefuly forward and then turns around and walks slowly back
a person walks forward slowly, turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
a person who performed a left handed uppercut
the man throws a big right handed punch in the air.
a man moves his left and right arms up and down.
a person walks forward, squats then gets pushed back, then he does the same again
a person grabbed something and throw it away
walking in a diagonal line then back.
the person stands still and moves a few things around with their right hand.
a person making a brushing circular clockwise motion as if they are stirring something with their hand open.
a person makes a horizontal clockwise motion with their right hand.
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person throws something with their right arm
a person throws something with their right hand in the style of a baseball pitcher.
a person flaps their arms, shakes their butt, then wiggles while lowering their body
a man doing a dance move
a man is doing the chicken dance.
raising arms and moving hand.
the person swipes his left arm across its body as if its was opening a sliding door then reaches its left arm out as if grabbing something.
a man opens something with his right and takes something out.
a person is flapping their arms wide.
a person stands with their arms out straight, shoulder height, flaps them up and down slowly, and takes a few steps forward.
this person waves both arms like a bird and hops forward.
a man walks in an clockwise circle with a holding a heavy object on their head then turns and walks back anti clockwise a little.
a person is walking around with luggage on their head
the man moves in circular motion holding his head
a person ducking under something while running.
a person squats low while walking.
a person running ducks underneath and object
a person is putting both hands to his face.
a person with their hands raised slightly moves it up and down, then sets it all the way down.
take the both the hands and put into the hand.
a person what it seems to perform yoga or a ballet dance moves
person leans forward side to side and kicks extends left leg three times to side quite high and balances on right leg
the person is kicking with his left leg while holding something with his left.
a person is drinking from a glass in their right hand
a figure has its left arm raised to near its head as though to hear
a person drinks an object with his right hand
a man walks in a curved line.
a person walks around in a meandering fashion seemingly aimless.
the person is walking in a curve to the left and then back around to the right in a curve.
person balancing on imaginary object with their hands out wide.
a man teeters back and forth on either of his two feet.
person stands feet shoulder length apart with arms out to side and hovers side to side
the person sits down and places their hands on their lap, then gets up and walks right
person gets up form sitting position
a person sitting down, stands up and walks
a person walking up an elevated surface
person walks forward then hops on feet two  times back  to starting position
a person walks forward, then, taking smaller steps than before, walks backwards.
a person skips to the side
a person stumbles to the left.
a person is shoved from the left and sidesteps to the right to regain balance.
a person standing up straight and putting both right and left hands together multiple times.
a man claps with his hands.
a person is clapping their hands.
a person walks side to side and turns to walk back.
a man steps forward with a confident swagger, before turning around and heading back toward his original position.
he happily walked and danced.
he is stretching his arm then moving it
a person has both arms spread out and starts walking in a circle.
arms outstretched, a person moves hands toward their armpits; walks in a circle keeping knees apart and then repeats the arm motion.
person is waking to the side up withh both arms bent as he twists them around each other and then bows forward from the with his left shoulder.
the person was just doing a speech and then he lean forward.
a man holds an object in his hands and then bends down slightly.
a person has both hands together and is moving them in the air.
a person has both hands clasped together make a figure eight from side to side in front of himself
a person holds their hands palms together and waves them around side to side in from of him slowly.
a person walks forward then spins right and walks back
a man takes a slight step with his left foot, then walks forward, makes a half-turn to the right, and walks forward again.
person moves forward one step then rotates and walks forward
a man is sitting in a chair and uses both hands to push off of the arm rests to bring himself up out of the chair into a standing position.
a person struggles to get out of a chair.
a person stands up from a sitting position.
a man is running in place.
a person jogs in place
a person jogs in place
a person with their arms raised throws both arms carelessly up in the air
a person lifts both arms above head.
a man lefts both arms into the air above his head quickly.
the person is drinking something.
a person brings his right hand to his head, then puts it back down by his side.
he pretends to have a phone
a person is walking whilst holding on a handrail
the person is walking down then stretches arms out from the side.
someone walks forward holding handrails on both sides then turns left
a person walks and turns toward the right.
a man walks in a wide arc to his right.
the person is walking four steps to the right.
a person walked backrwards, and showing something with hands
the person is making hand jesters with his right and left hand.
man throws his hands up, possibly enticing a reaction or attempting to induce a reaction to produce a fight.
a person lifts object with two hands and throws with right hand.
the person is throwing a ball.
a person pitches a ball.
a person grabbed something and tred to open it
the man has dry left arm
a person bends forward slightly at the waist and continually uses the right hand to stroke something softly
a person appears to be driving.
a person reads the paper while going to the bathroom.
the person is sitting and working on something.
a person raises their right hand to the side of their head.
a person raises a drink to their mouth.
a person scratches their head with their right hand while slightly swaying their body.
a person repeatedly holds both hands above their head and then swings them forward and down rapidly with force.
swinging hands up and down.
a person holds their hands together and throws them over each shoulder and back towards the ground in front of him.
a man stands with his arms outstretched at shoulder level, then lowers them and brings them in front of his body, then drops them to his sides.
a man puts his arms to his side then buttons his shirt
person has arms extended  to shoulder height then lowers them to hips then  raises hands to chest clasping hands together then lowers hands to hips again
a person walks forward 7 steps then turns to their right and stops.
a person walks forward, then turns 90 degrees to the right and stands still.
a person walks forward, turns to his right and stops.
a person sits down on something.
a person lowers to a squat position.
the person sits down and lifts his leg.
a figure walks in a straight line leaving a pattern
the person slowly walks forward
a person walks forward starting with right foot ant walks two steps forward and stops.
a person with one foot in front of them leaning forward.
a man wobbles slightly to his right.
a person stands up from the ground tripped and leaned forward just a bit
a person running to the right then the left to end up in the original spot.
the person is jogging back and forth.
a standing person jogs to the right, then to the left, then returns to their original position.
a person walks in front of them, bends down to touch their toes, then turns counter-clockwise to walk back to where they started.
someone is walking and moving around bending down.
a man walks downward to touch his feet then turns around to walk backward.
a man starts to stand up from laying down.
a person begins to stand up from laying on their stomach.
a man lay face down in plank position, gets up with right knee on ground, and left foot planted on the ground which is bent from the knee.
a person is practicing karate moves across the floor
person steps forward and block with the right arm. they turn counterclockwise 270 degrees and step forward to punch with the right arm. then they turn clockwise 280 degrees and punch with the left arm. then they turn counterclockwise 90 degrees and punch three times while walking forward
a person is performing a martial arts routine that includes punches and moving around in various directions.
both the hand holding the right leg.
a person bends slightly downward and grips onto their right thigh with their left hand. then begins rubbing the thigh with their right hand.
a person seems to have a pain in the groin
a person takes a step forward to his right.
a person moving to the right
a person steps to the side.
a person hopping one step forward.
the person is jumping forward.
she takes a short hop forward, landing on both feet at once.
a person is holding their arms up by their face and then throws a punch with their right hand
a person swinging their right arm down and back up to have hands in front of face.
person  raises both arms and moves right arm in a forward motion
a person swings their left arm them spreads both arms.
a person is standing pushes something with right arm then pur both arms out.
a man slowly swats at something eye level with his left hand and then brings both arms out to his side in a t position.
a person picks up a horizontal object from their left side then places it vertically on their right, then they return to their left again.
a man looks like he's attempting to pick something up and place it form one side of him to the other, then he brings it down
a person picks something up below them and places it next to the on their right.
a person waves with their right arm.
a person waves happily to someone.
a person standing and waving hand
a person is walking slow in a straight line.
somweone moving forward slowlynalso moving hand
a man slowly walks forward.
he sits, then gets back up to do someyhing.
a man takes a step backward, sits down, stands back up and take a step forward to his original position.
the person sits down and stands back up.
person brings right elbow to left knee, then left elbow to right knee, stands straight then bends at the knees a few times.
a person bend the arms and knee and strat to warm up
the person is doing knee lifts.
a person is balancing on a narrow path.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward unsteadily for six steps, leaning first to his right and then to his left before straightening up.
a person is playing basketball.
a person reaches up to catch and jumps around.
a person hops around looks like they are  guarding someone in basketball
a person sits down at a chair, then moves the chair around while they are still in it.
the person sits down in multiple chairs then stands up
person moves slightly clock wise then sits down on a chair and moves tip toed with chair to there right side
a man does a kick to the side.
a person takes a quick step to their left side and sharply kicks to the side with a knee snap in a marial arts move
a person kicks with their left leg.
a man walks forward and then stops.
the man walks to the right in a curve.
a person veers to the left while walking and eventually faces to the left and comes to a complete stop.
this person is cleaning a table.
he is leaning on something and cleaning it with a towel.
a person wipes off a counter before returning to a neutral pose.
a person hops a few times, then throws a left hook, and then continues to make fighting motions.
a person is light on their feet as they move about and punch at something.
a man standing in an athletic stance is moving their feet with agility while swining left and right punches.
a person side skips to their left, then they side skip a few steps to their right and back again to their left.
a person side steps left to right and then left before returning to their starting position.
a person sidesteps back and forth in a line
the person throws something and proceeds to raise their shoulders and hands as if to react to breaking something with the thrown object.
the man is pretending to throw
swinging arms in and out.
a person is sitting with his left hand in the air.
a person sitting raises their left hand slightly to their face
a man sits and waves his left hand around in the air close to his face.
a person raised the hands and sit on something
a person places it arms down to its side and then sits down and pets something.
this person slowly sits as if on a barstool.
person walks forward and kicks, then walks back and repeats
person ran forward and kick someone.
walking back and then walking up stairs and kicking.
person is walking forward.
person walks forward in straight line 4 steps and then stops.
a person takes a few steps forwards before stopping.
the person has both of his hands up in place
a person stands on the spot with both their arms up by their chest
a person stands with both hands touching each other in front of their face.
person crosses arms and scratches left elbow
the person is touching arm.
folds arms and then puts them by side
a person bends down to pick something up with their right hand
the person is picking something up.
the figure stands still, and then it steps forward and drops its weight onto one leg to pick up an object from the ground, and then casually returns back to its first position.
a man walks straight forwards a few paces, swinging his arms gently, then stops.
he was walking straight forward
this figure seems to be straggling to walk forward
a person is drinking from a glass.
a figure takes a step forward to pick up their cup, they take a drink.
a person steps forward then starts drinking from a glass, tilting his head back in the process.
a person picks something up , shakes it, then pours it into something else
a man pouring a beverage, and serving the beverage.
a person is pouring a liquid into a cup with their right arm.
a person dribbling a ball and then kicking it
a person runs forward quickly and kicks something, walks backwards, and repeats the motion
a person runs forward and then kicks, walks backwards to return to original spot, and then runs forward again repeating kicking motion.
a person slaps their hands against their legs
a person placing their hands on their thighs.
a person rests their hands on their legs
a person walks diagonally to his right, sits down, rests his right foot on something, briefly rests his head on his right hand, and finally he places both hands on his knees.
the person sits on a chair and raises their right foot.
a person walks over, sits, props leg up on something and puts his hand up side his head and down again.
a person hops side to side .
the person is jumping around in place.
a person hopping side to side in a spring-like motion
person is standing and turns to there left and bends over almost to a crouched position.
someone is lean on the wall
a man crouches down before standing back up.
a man steps forward with his right foot.
a person who seems to have stumbled forward
figure steps forward with both legs in a quick manner.
a person struggles to walk on a balance beam.
the man seems to have his foot kicked out behind him and loses his balance for a moment.
a person tries to catch something with their left hand and then their right but appears to fail.
a person looks in different directions waiting for something.
a person seeming to look around for something, then goes back to waitnig, then looks around again.
a person is stepping left then right while holding his arms out in front.
a man stands completely still.
a person bends and rests their hands on their thights before putting their arms straight out
a person is sitting down with their hands in their lap.
a person touches their head with their right hand.
the petson puts his right hand on top of his head then puts his arm back to his side.
a person lifts right arm, scratches, then brings right arm down.
a person casually walks forward.
a figure walks forward
a person walks forward
a person is walking weirdly in a circle
the person is twirling around like a top.
a person move in a circle counter clockwise spinning and sometimes walking forward or backwards and then stretches their arm out with hand at shoulder level and arms straight.
a person stands with their left foot in front of their right and wobbles to their right to maintain balance
figure has one foot in front of the other and is leaning back and forth. as if trying to maintain balance.
a person is balancing on a tight rope
a person does crazy break dancing.
a person on the ground is kicking and twisting repeatedly, goes up on their hands kicking and twisting, then back down to the ground doing the same motions.
a man break dances around the room.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a man casually walks forward.
a person walk forwards, going slightly to the right.
a person picks up something with his right hand, holds it up to his face, and put his arm back down.
a person touches their face with their right hand.
a man raises his right hand to his mouth then lowers it and then raises it back and then lowers it once again.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand, and then walks back
a person makes a large slapping motion with their right arm
a person steps forward, winds up, and swings their right arm in front of them.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
robot is doing exercise and stretching his arms and legs.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a man lowers his right arm and then claps with his hands.
a person claps their hands together
a person is gesturing with their hands together and then places arms back at sides.
a man stands and ben's both arms at the elbow and lift his shoulders slightly, then repeats again, then returns back to a standing position.
a person raises their arms in a ninety degree angle, lowers them, then pushes their shoulders back while raising their arms again.
person is at a trial.
he kneels down with stool
a person kneels down on their knees.
a man slowly kneeling with his left knee first
a person has their knees slightly bent, and has their elbows bent with their hands up towards their chest
a man crouches gently, facing forwards in a seated position, with his arms and hands bent out in front of him.
a person is riding a motorcycle.
a person steps forward, open something like a door, and then steps backwards.
walked slowly to upper right and 'opened door' and then stepped backwards slowly to starting point
a man walks forward and picks something up.
a person throws something with his right hand.
a man reaches his left arm out.
a man raises up on his left foot.  he lifts his right arm above his head and pumps his left fist several times at waist level.
the person is standing with both arms elevated straight out to there sides. they then bring both arms in and hands are in the middle of the chest. they then make small mostions at chest level first with the righy arm then the left
a person raises their right hand and gestures forward, touching something in front of them.
a person unlocks a window and proceeds to open it.
a person performs a typical broadjump.
a person bends down and jumps forward
a person leaps forward then stands straight
a person walks a tightrope, swaying slightly from side-to-side as he maintains his balance.
a person walking in a straight line placing the left foot directly in front of the right foot and then placing the right foot directly in front of the left foot.
the person is walking like on a plank.
a person walks forward and makes a right hand turn.
the person walk down and to the right.
a person walks forward and stands still as if they are looking at something
a man stands with his arms above his head, and lowers his arms about shoulder level and then back up again several times.
a standing person extends both arms up to the sky.
a person with arms spread is holding a barbell. it is lifted vertically twice, to his full arm extension. he then returns to a rest position with legs slightly spread
a person walking up an elevated surface
a person walks up stairs.
a person approaches an obstacle and then steps onto the obstacle.
a man walks towards the camera, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks in a forward motion swinging arms slightly as they walk. then the person turns around and walks back to towards the starting point.
a person walks forward then turns and walks back.
a person walks and turns to left.
she turned left as she turned around.
the figure in the video took two step forward, turned around and walked back to its former position.
a man is doing jumping jacks by hopping while moving his arms up and down in rythm with the hops
the person is doing jumping jacks
a person is doing jumping jacks.
he walks forward directally upstairs
the person is standing up on a stool.
a person hopped one time and then went up the steps.
person runs quickly straight forward
a person runs forward in a line.
a person runs forward and slightly to the right for 3 or 4 steps.
a person who picks up something and puts it down to the left
a person picks something up from their left, and places it to their right.
a person lifts an object and moves it from left to right and set it back down
person runs backwards performing an a like pattern
a man moves backwards while sliding his feet.
a man energetically walks backwards in a counterclockwise circle, then turns sharply, and continues backpedalling.
a person rolls their arms and shoulders.
moving the hands slowly like dancing.
person is making animal like gestures
a person, having a conversation, is using their arms to explain/emphasize something.
person stands still then extends arms shoulder height with a rotational twisting of the arms  one time  then extends arms to side once
a person raising both hands in other directions two times
a person walks forward starting with their left foot for 5 steps.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward and then stops after a few steps.
a person walks forward casually with a swagger to their hips.
a person walks forward with his arms at his side slowly.
person moves leading right foot then left to complete five steps to slight left
a person who seems to be shadow boxing
the person is boxing left and right.
a boxer dodging their opponent's attacks and preparing to launch an attack back.
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
person lifting imaginary dumbbell with their right hand.
a person lifts their right arm up then down.
the person is getting a shower and washing his right arm.
a person grabbing items with left hand.
the man is showering his right arm
a person standing still uses their right arm to curl an object two times.
a person while standing, lifts his right hand as if to wave.
a standing person has their right arm extended, and bends their arm up to their right shoulder twice.
a person lifts both forearms until they are horizontal. they then shake their arms and hands vigorously by rotation at the wrists.
a person shakes both hands.
a person quickly alternates facing the palms of their hands up and down.
person walking counter clock wise making almost full circle
a person walks counter clockwise in an elliptical pattern.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person picks something up with their hands and puts it on back to support it, then walking in a clockwise circle.
a person picks something up and carries it on their back, walkin in a clockwise circle.
someone crouches down, moves their hands behind them to support an object they have picked up. they then walk in a circle, holding the object behind them during the walk.
the person walked in a complete oval
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person walks around in a circle.
a person hopping around in a complete circle on one foot, before doing the same with the other foot.
a person hops on one foot in a circle while switching feet every half circle
a person hops on the right foot for half of a circle around the room, then switches to the left foot for the other half of a circle, then switches back to the right foot for another half circle
a person holding something with both his hands and throws it back with left hand.
the figure prepares to catch an object, catches the object, and throws it back
a man is catching a ball being thrown to him with both hands and then using the left arm/hand to throw it back.
a person raises his right arm and then lowers it.
person raises right arm to shoulder height and then lowers it back down by side
a man is lifting his left arm
a person walking then stopping.
the person is stepping forward.
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person stretches their arms to the side and waves them back and forth in front of them.
person is waving back and forth.
the person lifts and moves around both arms.
a person is bendind their knees moving up and down with arms strechted forward
a person does four squats
a person lifts both arms out straight in front of themselves, then makes deep and rapid squatting and standing repetitions.
a person runs forward, then quickly turns off to the left.
a person jogs forward and the cuts 45 degrees to their left
a person is running and makes a slight left turn.
a person walking slowly with his feet apart .
a person walks in a broken line as if drunk.
person walks from back to front side steping
a person locks fingers, reach up down left right.
a person brigns their hands together, palms forward,
a man stretches his arms, up, down, left, right, and center.
a person jumps one time and then walks forward.
a person hops in the air and then walks foward.
a person jumps straight up, then walks a few steps forward.
a person leans forward on something.
the person walks forward and leans on something.
person walked down then i think tried carrying something.
a person does jumping jacks.
a man exercising moving hands up above the head and while jumping
a person does three jumping jacks.
robot started running from his right to left.
person sprints forward left to right
a person quickly changing direction while running from right to left, as if they wanted to dodge something
man stands in one position roll neck around and rotate right arm continuously.
a person moves their head around in a circle, then their right arm.
a person rolls his head and neck clockwise and then makes a large, frontward, circular motion with his arm.
he slowly walks forward directly
a person walks normally forward.
a person walks forward in a straight line, then stops.
a person jogs happily in place.
person jogs on the spot quickly
a person runs in place then stands still with arms relaxed on both sides.
a man jumps once and then wobbles a little while moving legs apart.
a person jumps once hitting feet together, then lands and has trouble regaining balance.
a person does a jump and taps his heels.
a person stretches their right arm above their head.
a person has their right arm extended above their head and reaches it out to their left, stretching.
a person with right arm raised up and left arm at center reaches right hand over head.
a person does a barrel roll.
he rolls forward directly then stops
the person is rolling forward on floor.
a person does martial arts by blocking with their right arm and hand.
a man repeatedly steps forward with his right leg making chopping for punching sounds with his right arm at the same time.
a person appears to be hitting something in front of them
a person is playing an imaginary guitar, while swaying back-and-forth
the left hand is extended out with the right hand strumming back and forth in front of the body.
a person holds their left arm out while strumming up and down with their right arm, all while swaying and bending their leg in time with their arm.
a person sits down, then gets back up.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
a person turns and then sits down. he then gets back up and turns around again.
a man takes a step forward, turns around right side and walks back
a person takes two steps forward and turns aroudn 180 degrees and returns to his starting postion.
the man walks forward turns and walks back.
a person carelessly walking left to right.
a person walks from right to left, then back to their starting position with both arms by side.
turns left hits wall walks right
the person is shaking their shoulders standing up and again bending at the waist.
person leans forward from the waist then shakes shoulders and keeps shaking them whilst returning to standing upright.
the body shimmies violently back and forth.
the person does two jumping jacks by raising both arms above their head while jumping and seperatind legs to the side and the jumping back to both feet together and arms by their side
a person preparing before a jumping jack by gaining momentum before the jump up.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person does a stretching maneuver.
a person bends down to the ground and then stands up with their arms extended and then raises the right hand slightly.
a person bends over to the front and touches the ground with both hands before returning to a standing position.
the person stands and then takes a step to their left
a person takes one step towards the right side
a stick figure takes a single step to the right.
a person tries to balance left foot infront of the right and wobbles slightly to the left.
a person is standing with one foot directly in front of the other (toe to heel) like they are balancing and they begin to wobble before recovering their balance
a man stands with feet inline and stumbles but keeps pose
the person is wiping the table with the right hand in a circular motion.
a person wiping something something with their right hand
a person moves their arm in a circle in front of them
lightly hopping up and down on the ground.
the person is  jumping in place.
a person jumps in place then stops jumping
the person is drying something. then they walk over and pick something up.
a person makes several hand gestures with the right hand, walks to the right and puts something down.
the person is picking up and moving something
the person was acting like a gorilla.
a person sitting quickly reaches around them and grabs objects.
a person is acting as if they are a panda.
from a standing position, the person quickly runs four steps forward before stopping
a man runs forward in a straight line in a quick pace.
a person runs straight forward
person standing up, cups hands and scoops up from the right side and splashes something on their face. then they cup hands and scoop up from the left side and splashes something on their face. they then scrub their hands together.
a person standing up rubs their hands together and brings them to their mouth multiple times.
a figue either washing or wringing its hands in a left and right motion
a person stands with left foot in front of right, leans the upper body to the right awkwardly, then straightens the upper body.
a person staying on the same place, whle left leg placed after right leg
a man stands left foot forward and leans to his right then up right again.
the figure raises its left arm then swats downward and foward.
a man smashing with his left arm at something on the ground.
a person does a hitting motion with his left hand.
a man hops on his right leg five times, makes a small jump, then steps forward into a strong push with both hands. he then returns to the starting position.
person is standing and jumping on one feet.
this person jumps up and down on his right leg.
a man sways side by side with arms out
a person angrily sways back and forth in a large stance, with their hands on their hips.
resting his hands on his hips, a person sways back and forth.
a person crouches low like a gorilla and walks on all fours from left to right.
a person slouched down walking with knees bent and arms low. almost moving in the same fashion as a gorilla.
a person gets on all fours and starts walking.
person lifts both arms shoulder height once leading with right arm has a break then repeats once more
a sitting person, with their hands resting on their knees, extend their arm out to their sides.
a man seated stretches out his arms on each side and lowers them back down.
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
a walking man makes a right hand turn.
a person walks from the back right of a location to the top left of the same location in a smooth circular motion
a man is running in place before stopping.
a person runs forward on a treadmill.
a person running in place.
person is shimming their hips and shoulders side to side. their neck movement also shows their head looking side to side.
without moving her feet, she wiggles her hips.
a man is moving his hips from left to right and movin his arms in rythm with his hips.
a person raises their arms to stretch their back and waste, then they stretch their arms forwards.
person joins hands at the top of his head and begins to stretch. he then takes his right arm in his left and stretches the muscles.
the person is excercising stretching.
the person is moving hips around.
a person rotates the top of their body in a circle, then rotates their hips in a circle
a person is swirling the top part of his body in a circle.
a person walks forward and stumbles when walking.
as a person walks forward he is pushed by someone from behind, stumbles, and recovers his balance.
a man walks forward at a slow pace and trips but catches himself.
person walks five steps forward whilst holding right hand extended to the right hand side holding onto something
person walks whilst grabbing onto a banister to help their balance.
a person walks forward with their right hand on a handrail.
a man walks back and forth in a half circle.
a person is jogging in place both slightly side by side.
a person running in circles.
moving hands side to side.
throw toss pass to left leg
someone moving something from right to left
a person holds onto something while walking up and down stairs.
a person walking up stairs and back down
a person walks up and down a set of stairs while holding a rail.
a person steps off of an object with their left foot.
a person takes a large step diagonally.
a person taking a step leading with the left leg
a person squats down, stands back up, and stretches his arms horizontally.
a person shakes it all out, stretching before an event, first arms and hands, then legs, eventually hips, and ending with a squat before standing up again.
a person waves their arms, then their legs followed by moving their torso and their arms again before finally crouching and standing back up.
a person walks slowly then stops
a man is walking. he takes a few short steps, then several long steps.
a man takes short steps forward at a gradual speed while gently swinging his arms.
a person picks up a phone and dials, calls then hangs up
a man picks up a phone, dials a number, starts talking and then puts the phone down.
a person picks up their phone with their left hand and dials a number with their right hand puts it to their left ear then hangs up the phone
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks forward tgen comes to a stop
a person slowly turns clockwise and turns their back. then they place their hands behind their back.
the man is making poses with his legs
a person squats down, then rises, turns around completely, widens their stance, then joins their hands together.
a person stands straight with his feet wide and lifts his hands up and shakes his hips.
the person shakes their hips while also moving their arms. appears to  be energetic
a person raises both of their hands in the air and shakes their hips from side to side.
someone is walking around in a clockwise circle.
a man walks in a clockwise circle.
a man walks clockwise in a circle
a person stretches his right arm out and puts it back  down.
a person extends their right arm forward.
a person reaches out with their right hand and then drops it back down to their side.
someone stomps their left foot slowly.
a man lifts his left leg.
person lifts left leg off the ground then puts back into feet shoulder length apart
the figure is hunched forward and walking slowly as if sneaking
a person walks around slowly, looking at the ground.
a person sneaks forward whilst maintaining a bent over posture
a person squats down and then stands back up.
a person carefully tries to get on the ground sitting cross legged and then stands back up.
a person crosses their legs to sit down, using their arms to brace themselves. right before their backside touches the ground they stand back up
a person doing 2 steps
person turns 180 degrees to the left then steps on something with his right leg and steps over it with left leg, then repeats one more step like previous
someone walks forward, stepping up with their right foot and down with their left.
a man moves from left to right several times.
the person is side stepping.
shuffling back and forth.
a person swings their arms down and to their left, then raises them overhead, then shakes them up and down alternately, then raises the left arm to the side.
a person who leans to the side and then lifts arms up and then and then shakes left and right arm up and down
the person just woke up and is stretching.
a person lunges to their right, then sprints forward and to their left.
person runs quickly to the left
a person bounces a ball with their right hand and very quickly run past something and to the left.
a man puts his hands on his knees while crouching.
person starts out standing with both arms extended then places both hands on knees. moving their back in small motions as though rubbing against something
a person is sitting with their hands on their knees.
a person kicks with right foot.
a person standing and kicking with their right foot.
the person is kicking something.
a person lands on his right foot as if hopping off of something, then takes a few steps forward and to the left.
a person was pushed from the back and caused him to move forward.
a person walks forward and starts to walk to their left
a person steps forward and reaches down to grab or place something with their left hand.
a person steps forward, gestures with their left hand and steps back.
a man walks forward and touches something, then backs away.
person runs on an exercise machine.
a person takes a jog forward
a person runs at a comfortable brisk pace.
a person is walking in a figure 8 pattern.
a man walks around in a circle and then starts another circle.
a person walks to their right in a circle, then walks in a half circle to their left.
a person jogs back and forth then faces forward
a person runs to the right and then turns and runs to the left.
a person turns to the right, jogs a few steps, then pivots to the left and jogs a few steps then returns to the start point.
the sim appears to be cleaning an object like a car.
a man steps to the side as if he is stepping in front of something such as a dog, and starts petting it.
a person moves around an unseen object, and then uses something in their hands to wipe it down.
a man walks forward, pressing his left arm along a wall in rhythm with his steps as walks
a person walks while touching something with his left hand.
a person walks forward and places his left hand on something going by.
a person uses right arm to punch upwards to the left.
person is throwing something up.
a man is standing on the ground and moving his right  hand upwards towards the left side.
a person is walking then starts to slide to the right.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person walks in a straight line, then jumps to the right as trying to avoid stepping on something
someone is throwing an object
character imitatates throwing a ball with left hand and then steps forward.
a person steps forward with their right foot and throws or pushes something with their left hand.
a person slowly runs in place.
a person jogs in place
a person jogs in place while slowly rotating slightly left to right.
a person walks forwards down 4 steps then does a little jump in the air
walks forward with a bounce in step and stomps on mat.
a figure lowers their arms then walks down a short set of stairs and raises their arms at the bottom.
a person walks straight forward in a leisurely manner
a person walks steadily forward.
person is casually walking forward.
a person jogs in place
a person jogging in place.
the person is doing some jumping excercise.
a man slightly staggers to the right while walking down a slope.
a person walking and bumping into something with their left shoulder.
a figure walks in a forwards direction before jerking to the right-hand side where it pauses slightly, as a foreign object briefly obstructs its path, and then continues to walk forwards.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person pumps their right fist in the air as if in celebration
a person waving forward with his right arm while winding up his left one.
a person, standing still, shaking their arms and shoulders slightly.
a person shaking their shoulders while holding their hands up; looking like a possible dance.
a person moves their arms and shoulders back and forth.
a person is walking forward.
a man walks forward and then stops.
he takes many small steps forward.
person upper body bends over as if someone pushed him and regains his balance using leg strength
bending down once then up.
a person bends down before returning to normal posture.
a person is walking around with excitement
a person walks and jumps joyfully back and forth
the person walks forward with what appears as excitement and then turns around and walks back with the same excitement.
a figure lifts the left and then right hand.
the person is touching head one hand after another.
person raises right hand over head and back down, then left hand.
a man walkes slowly forward
a person takes five slow steps forward.
the person is walking forward.
a person in a fighting stance does a roundhouse kick with their right leg.
kicks up left leg in the air like a ninja
a person in a fighting stance kicks out with his right foot.
a person raises both arms to the side into a "t-pose" and walks forward.
a man walks down a balance beam.
a person walks forward with arms out to keep balance.
someone doing exercise, dumbbell over head
a man stands with both arms bent at the elbows, shoulder height, raises them above his head, and then back down.
a person is lifting something up and down above their head repeatedly.
a person walks forward, turns around and jogs back with a small wave of their left hand.
person walks forward, turns around, and jogs back
a person walks forward, then jogs back.
this person slowly bends forward and moves from right to left.
a figure stands still then lowers its head and shoulders as though stretching or scanning
a person bend forward to look down.
a person climbs a set of 4 stairs, right foot first.
the person is stepping on step stones.
someone is walking up 4 steps starting with their right foot.
a man raises his arms over head then out from chest makes a circle whis right arm extends over his head and leans to the right stands up then raises left hand and then extends to left side
the person is doing a nursery rhyme i’m a little teapot.
a person motions "i'm a little teapot".
a person raises their left arm to their face pensively while shifting their weight from side to side.
man swivels left to right with left hand up towards the face.
a man raises his left arm and looks from side to side.
a man is crouching while moving both arms up and down.
a person is sitting down, driving a car and turning the steering wheel.
a man mimes using a steering wheel.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person slowly walks directly straight foward.
a person walks forwards with good posture
a person raises their right hand to their face.
a person brings their right arm towards their face/neck area.
a person standing still lifts their right arm to their mouth.
man dancing to his left turning around to his right with his arms up and moving around to his right then starts dancing to his right turning around to his left with his arms up
someone walks from the left to the right & half way back while swinging their arms in a big circle.
a person swings their arms and body around quickly over and over down a line and back.
the  person with walking forward and hurt his right foot.
a man is wobbling and stumbling as he walks
the person is walking forward then appears to hurt their right foot and then stands and sways back and forth.
the man is doing starjumps
a person performs four jumping jacks.
a person does four jumping jacks.
a person is imitating a chicken.
a person acting like a chicken.
a person bent over doing chicken arms
the person is jogging in place.
the man is doing a jog
a person running fast using both arms.
the person walks on all fours.
a weird baby crawl thing
they are crawling around.
a person break dances in circular motion on the floor
a person breakdances by spinning on their back with their legs in the air.
the person seems to be 'beat boxing' and drops to the ground swinging his left foot over in a circular direction and using that momentum to to propel himself to spin over his right shoulder first then his left so he ends up seated again.
the person is picking up and moving something.
a person puts down a large object, then walks forwards.
person puts something on ground then takes 8 steps forward
a person drops their arms from shoulder height, claps one time, walks forward, turns to the right and sits down.
person claps once, walks forward and sits in chair
a person claps once, walks forward, stops walking, turns to their right, and then sits down in a chair
a person staggers while walking.
a person walks forward several steps.
person looks like a model walking the runway.
a person lunges to his right while shaking his right hand.
a person has their legs spread and leans back toward their right side, while holding their arms up slightly.
a person is stretching their right leg.
person walks straight forward swaying hips slightly
a person walking down in a straight line
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
person stretches arms out and makes arm circles.
the person lifts and moves both arms around.
a person gestures with both arms.
a person slowly walks forward.
the person walks straight forward slowly while keeping their posture upright and shoulders square.
a person walks straight forward at a normal pace.
person does a star jump
person does one squat thrust fast
a man jumps up and comes back down on his two feet.
a person lifts his left hand up, then right hand up and waves them about, then put his hands down
a person is being a mime
a person makes pantomime hand gestures above his head with both hands.
a person who seems to be sitting down
a figure cannot believe what is happening
a person is standing still with legs apart and arms to the side.
a person doing jumping jacks.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
the person preforms a "jumping jack" by both moving his legs in a in and out motion as well as using his arms to extend above his head then down to his side again.
a person runs in place with high knees and their arms swinging and then does an exercise bringing the knee to the elbow.
person is exercising and runs in place, then lifts legs
a person jogs in place while moving their arms up pretty high, then brings each knee up to the opposite elbow.
a person standing up uses both of their hands to swing an object with little force.
a person is standing in place slightly bent over and holding something, almost like a golf club
a person is standing with hands clasped together in front of their body, swaying from one side to the other.
the person walks and comes to a stop.
a person walks in an arc
the person is walking casually forward.
a person completes 5 sets of jumping jacks.
someone standing jumping up and down with both hands and legs extended trying to do a jumping jack.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person is hunched over looking at the ground, turning from left to right. something is in their right hand, possibly a flashlight or phone, that they are using to possibly illuminate the ground.
a person is squatting and looking around and reaching with their right hand.
lowering hands towards feet then up.
person walks with a limp. the left leg is dragging while person is walking.
person heavily limps in a clockwise circle
a figure staggers, dragging one leg behind them, as they move in a circle
a person jumps lifting his hands in the air .
a person jump up high
a person is jumping in the air.
the man sits on a stool and looks around.
a man sits completely still.
most human motion involves a combination of two types of motion, translatory motion, also known as linear motion, and rotational motion, also known as angular motion. think of a long jumper sprinting toward the sandy pit. he is exhibiting translatory motion as he runs in a straight line.
a man is running in place
a person begins to jog forward, and then stops.
a person is jogging in place.
a man is taking small steps before giant steps over objects that are in the way
a man takes a big step and the turns and takes another big step.
person is walking on uneven ground
a person standing up and greeting someone with a respectful hand to forehead gesture.
a person is standing relaxed, then stiffens up and salutes with their right hand before relaxing again.
person is carefully scratching their head or ear.
a person walks forward, stops, then lifts both arm up a little.
a person walks forward then slightly raises their arms
robot started walking forward and then stopped.
a person runs up and jumps then continues to run.
a person steps and jumps forward, then jogs a few paces.
someone is walking and stops to leap forward slightly.
a man walks forward while swaying his feet in a zig-zag path.
a person steps over an object/puddle while walking.
a person is walking in a line.
a person walks while holding on to something.
a person walks slowly forward, crossing each leg in front of the other, while using their hands to guide them as if on rails.
the man is slowly walking forward
a man walks forward 7 paces while his arms swing.
a person walks in a forward motion.
person walks forward in a leftward direction.
someone is sauntering down the screen
person is  walking down.
a person walks forward in a steady pace.
a person waves friendly with their right hand.
a person waves with right hand.
a person waves at someone with his right hand.
the person is walking back and forth.
a person steps sideways to their right and then to the left of their starting position, and then finally back to the starting position.
a person walking side to side.
a man walks in a clockwise circle while swinging his arms.
a person walks around in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a square-like circle.
a person clasps their arms after shifting temporarily to the right.
a person passes a ball from his left to right hand.
a man lowers his raised arms and then picks something up.
a man is square dancing with a partner.
a person does the ring around the rosie dance holding someone’s right hand then left hand.
a person junps  and skips in circles
a person kneels down while touching something.
a person lesbs forward and places their left hand ln a object to support themselves before kneeling onto the floor.
person is sitting down on knees.
a person bobs back and forth while raising their arms in front of their chest.
a figure raises it hands in preparation for fistycuffs
a man. stands up jump then does a push up. then runs in 4 circles. and then repeats 4 time.
a man turns slightly to his right, salutes with his right hand, returns to his starting position, then turns to his right and salutes again.
a person raises their right hand three times, while slightly moving side to side.
person salutes three times with their right hand.
the person balances on their right toe, then switches to the left and spins in a circle
a person dances in the style of a ballerina.
person is doing a ballet dance move.
a person is walking forward while limping on the left leg.
someone walks forward whith difficulty
a person takes 2 steps and then steps over something and continues walking.
a man slowly leans to the left, putting his weight on his leftmost foot, then lifts his right arm above his head.
a man leans back on his back leg then again on his front leg, and lifts his left hand above his head.
a person lifts their right arm in the air
a standing person rotates to the left, turns back to face forward again, backs up to sit down and crosses their legs, then returns to their original standing position.
a person turns anticlockwise to look at an object, then proceeds to move towards and sit  in the object
the person sits down and stands back up.
a person uses right arm to hit down to the left and then the left arm crosses over the right side of the body.
right hand goes over and infront the left just goes in front
a man swings his arm across his chest
the person is backing up then sititng down and standing up again.
a person backing up and squatting as to sit then getting back up into a standing position.
person walked backwards sat down and then got up and walked forward one step.
a standing person raises their hands to touch the back of the left wrist with the right hand and then lowers their hands again.
a person stands and touches their left hand with theor right hand.
a person uses their right hand to scratch their left wrist.
a person walks carefully holding handrail with left hand.
a figure walks forward and rightward and extends arms out to hold on to supports, appearing to step down one step before stopping. possibly has a stiff left leg.
a person walks very carefully forward and to their right as if walking on a precipice.
a person walks forward and makes a left hand turn.
a person walks forward in a curved pattern to the front right of the square.
a person walks in a 90 degree arc counter-clockwise.
person was pushed from behind but cab standing.
a person walks forward
the man jogs forward 2 steps.
a person bends down, the places their right hand on their stomach.
the person that is playing a musical instrument.
holding their shirt while looking down at something in front of them
man walks in a clockwise direction in a circle.
a person walks around in a circle with their hands at their waist level.
a person relaxed and walking around.
person walks forward turns back and moonwalks a few steps  before doing a pose and lifting right arm excitedly
a person walks downward while shaking hands, then spins in a counter clockwise motion and walks backwards to the left hand side, then shuffles feet apart and poses with right arm up and left hand at waist.
a person does a dance move by twisting to the right and then extending the right arm into the arm.
a figure walks forward and turns 180 degrees from the left before walking back towards the starting point
a person walks forward in a diagonal line, then turns in a counter clockwise circle and walks back to where they started
a person walks and turns to the left and walks back.
a man picks something up with his left hand and mixes it and then steps back.
he picks up two items from a table, pours one into a pot, and sprinkles the other before stepping back.
a person pours something into an object and then steps backwards.
a person is clapping his hands in front of his chest.
person claps nine times then puts arms down to their side
a person rubbing their hands together as if he/she was washing their hands
a man stretches his right arm.
a person stretching their right arm
a man stretches his right arm across his body supported by his left arm.
a person takes a step to the left then swings their right arm
a person makes a throwing motion with their right arm.
a person throws something with his right hand.
person may be moving something.
a man standing with bad posture stands up straight and twists at the waist to the right
a person pick something up and then move it to the right and then moves it back and puts it down
a person quickly jogging forward.
a person runs forward at moderate pace.
this person lightly jogs forward.
a man walks slightly hunched over with his shoulders up towards his ears and hands in front of him while taking large, awkward steps.
person walks carefully hunched forward in a half clockwise position circle with elbows pushed into armpit areas
a person walks forward and to the right with a large step and arms held forward and close to body with hands held out like claws in front of them, like a dinosaur.
a person walks forward unbalanced and almost falls over.
a person walks forward and then stumble to their left.
someone walks down a sidewalk and slips
a man opens something and rubs it under his arms.
a person is putting on deodorant.
person appears to take a cap off of something, then rubbed it on their underarms.
a person is very cold, and is shivering.
a person puts both his hands together.
a person is holding their arms and hands together to keep warm.
a person walks diagonally backwards
a man ducks backwards towards his left, then ducks forward towards his right, he then stands up straight and walks backwards towards his left.
a person dodges things thrown at them by blocking with their left hand and then ducking.
figure stands, turns left and walks, stops, turns right and walks, turns left and stops halfway, turns forward, and then stands.
a person walking sideways .
the person paces to his right, then to his left, and finally to his right again.
a person stands still, then reaches his right hand across his body towards his left hand, and then raises his right hand slightly above his right shoulder.
a person stands still, then picks something up with their right hand and holds it up high.
person stands still then moves right hand across their body and lifts up shoulder height
a person waves with their left hand.
a person who is pooring water over themselfs
a person uses their left hand to scratch their head.
a person crosses his legs while standing and then lowers himself into a so-called crab walk position, using his hands and feet to stop him from touching the ground.
person struggles to sit on the ground.
a person slowly sits down and turns counter clockwise.
a person walking towards an edge and then stopping to examine.
a person walks to the right in a forward circling motion.
a person walks to the right hand side in a counter clockwise semicircle while keeping posture very straight.
the person was doing a trial left of weights.
a person reaches out and touches objects in front of them with their right hand.
a person stretches then begins moving objects on a shelf in front of them.
a person puts their left hand up by their head
the person lifts his right hand to his face.
the person is scratching head.
the person is running in circles.
a figure jogs in a circle on a square rug.
this person runs in a circle clockwise.
a person walks down stairs quickly.
briskly run forward for a couple of seconds.
the person is jogging down the steps.
a man is standing and crosses both feet then proceeds to sit into a criss cross position on the ground and uses the same method to stand back up using his right hand to balance.
person crosses legs and sits down on their buttocks then gets up using right hand to push up from ground level
a man takes a slight step forward, then slowly leans forwards and sits into a cross-legged position, then stands up again.
a person is sitting in place for a while before raising their arms.
a man stands with knees slightly bent and hands on his thighs and then lifts arms all the way up to be held straight out at his shoulders
a person puts their hands on their hips and then raises both arms to do a t-pose.
the man moves his right side of body towards left
a person moves his hands in the air.
a person hitting a right boxing punch..
a person who seems to be dancing in the style of waltz
a makes steps in circles of different size, in a counter-clockwise direction, his arms are raised as if he is performing a ballroom dance with a partner.
a man does a waltz with his left hand lifted.
a person steps around something then sits down on the item and rests each hand on the corresponding thigh
a person walks and sits on something.
a person walks forward in a half circle, then sits down.
a person walks forward, raises his right arm in front of him, then lowers his arm and walks backwards.
a person walks forward, leans and touches something with his right hand, and then walks backward.
a person walking up to looking over the edge then step back
a person jumps sideways to their right
a person jumps to the right in a horizontal line.
a person jumps up and to their right
a person waves his hands above his head as if trying to get your attention, then drops his arms, shakes them loose and starts clapping.
a person is waving both arms.
both arms are waving big back and forth above the head and then hands clapping in front of the chest.
the person is walking a tight rope.
a person raises both hands then slowly walks forward as if they are on a tight rope.
a person cautiously walking forward on a narrow platform.
a person waves with their right hand. seems friendly
a person raising right arm while standing still.
the person is scratching head.
a person quickly hops forward to the right with left foot leading with arms upraised before swinging the right arm down. the figure then returns to the starting point walking.
person is serving a tennis ball. throws ball in air with left hand, takes stutter steps auickly forward and swing racket with right arm.
a person takes a few sideways steps before throwing an object with their right arm.
person has hands on their knees and then brings arms up .
person has hands on knees and puts arms out to sides
he stood in a squated stance before raising both of his arms.
a man is running in place before moving the left.
the person is running in place.
someone who is doing zumba
the person walks forward with a limp
the person is walking down casually.
a person walks forward and leans around something
a person turns completely around, leaps forward, takes a step as he turns back around, then walks back to where he started.
person stands in foreground, turns around and jumps to background, turns again and walks to foreground with arms at shoulder height.
pivot 90 degrees to the left, jump forward with both feet, land and walk forward one step with left and right foot, turn around 180 degrees and take 3 steps forward starting with left foot.
a person bends down, picks something up, then uses both hands to rub something
the person is putting something on the shelf.
a person reaching and grabbing with their right hand, scrubbing motion with both hands.
a person is crouched and shaking.
a person appears to be sitting down.
a person in a seated position, facing away from the camera, has both arms bend at the elbows with hands held up by the face.
a person dancing in certain rotating motion, then raising his or her hand up
a person is dancing and moving towards left, raising hands
person starts shaking and then lifts right hand in the air.
a person walking forward and lifts something heavy.
a man walks forward and then picks something up off the ground then turns around and walks back.
person walks forward quickly before bending over to in a  lifting position turns around and walks back quickly
a person lifts his left hand and waves his hand to say hello then puts left hand back down
a person waves their left hand out in front of their chest.
a man waves with his left hand.
a stick figure stands legs apart and with both arms bent in a w position before dropping their right arm down towards their left leg and then returning to the orginal position
the man raises his left hand to box.
a man moves his left hand up.
person is walking around in a circle.
a person walks right in a circular motion.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
the person jogs in place then jogs around.
the body jogs in place, then jogs to the left a bit then back.
person runs in place for about 2 seconds, then runs to their left and back to their right.
a person is walking and then injures their leg
a man walks forwards, hurts his leg, and then walks back the way he came.
person walks forward and takes a few steps and hurts his right knee. walks to the end and turns around.
the person put his arms out to the side and got down on his knees and sitting up on his knees.
a person raises both his hands and then sits on his knees.
person raises both arms then puts right leg kneeeling then left leg kneeling then both hands touch the floor then raises upper boby whilst still kneeling
a person raises the right hand toward the face, then lowers it.
the person lifts and holds its right hand to its face and drops it down by its side.
a man raises and then lowers his right hand.
turning body from side to side.
a person slowly looks around themselves from right to left.
the person looks around from side to side
a figure diagonally walks across a square shape.
a person walks clockwise in a quarter circle.
the person is walking around
a person steps to the left
a figure makes a long stride sideways with it's left foot and stops.
a standing person makes a wide step to the left and returns to a standing position.
a person is dancing in circles and then punching.
this person appears to do several round off kicks.
he bounces around, throwing kicks and pounces as if warming up for an mma fight.
a person throws an uppercut with the right hand.
a figure makes a "roll the dice" gesture with its right hand, then swings its whole body across and forward toward the left, extending the left hand up and above the head.
a person swings their arm into the air
the person is synchronized walking forward.
a person walks straight forward
a man walks forward and doesn't stop.
stepping sideways up to the right and back down to the left.
the person is going on step ladders.
a person walking up stairs
a person jumps and walks straight forward.
a man hops and walks forward
a person hops forward once and then walks forward.
a person picks up an object by bending down, then moves it to the right and places it back down.
person is moving an object.
a person uses both hands to pick up an object from the left, then places the object down to the right.
a person takes a very large step diagonally.
a figure steps down from an invisible ledge right leg first
a person takes a big step forward and to the right.
a figure gestures as though it is digging with a shovel. the figure stops dancing around 7 second mark, and seems to place a plant or tree into the hole it has dug.
a man is bent over shoveling in yard.
a man digs a hole into the ground with a shovel, then picks the tree sprout up and places it into the hole.
a person walks on a treadmill
this person walks forward a normal pace.
a person is walking forward
a person steps back, sits down, stands up and steps forward.
a person backs up and sits down, then stands back up.
a man steps backwards, sits down, then stands back up.
a person walk forward cautiously with their hand against a surface.
a person walks forward while leaning the left hand on something.
a person carefully walks forward, bracing themselves on something with their left hand.
figure walks forward and turns a quarter turn right to face an obstacle, turns rightward and throws right leg up and across an obstacle and hops over, walks forward, then turns right and then right again to step up onto another level.
the right foot takes a big step over with a jump, then continues a few steps to climb up one step.
person walks forward turns jumps over obstacle right leg first then two steps forward then turns around then goes up one step
the person brushes themselves off, walks to the left and t-poses.
a person makes brushing motions with their hands, bends slightly, turns, and walks in an arc.
a person is sitting down while brushing off their clothes, then stands up, turns counter- clockwise, takes a few steps and raises their arms straight out like a "t".
a person is jogging forward with their arms near their chest
this person slowly jogs forward.
a man jump walking and jogging
a person stands upright and puts their hands in front of them, moving them apart a little, as if moving something apart,
a person is moving their arms to their chest, and away from their chest.
a person is pretending to swim while stood up
this person is gesturing with both hands as if he is teaching.
a man mimes different motions with his hands.
the sim appears to be driving a boat & looking through binoculars.
a person jumps in the air and turns 90 degrees to the left.
a man jumps up and turns to the left.
a person jumps and turns to the left
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
the person walks around and turns counter clockwise.
a person walks calmly to the right making a full circle to the left.
a person whos put both hands together and is begging
a person shakes both hands and arms up and down close to each other.
a person steps forward and shakes both hands together in a begging manner, and then steps back. the person steps forward again and shakes both hands in a begging manner but more aggressively.
the person is moving something in the air.
a person tries to reach something by stretching
a person lifts both his arms up and stretchs.
a person raises his left hand to his head, then returns it to his side.
a person raises their left hand to their head and then places it back down beside them.
he puts his hand to his head
a person is disco dancing.
kicks the right foot low and across the body, happily flings the right hand to the side of the head, and then shuffles small steps forward with moving hips.
a person dances like michael jackson.
a person stands straight with their right hand over their head then lowers back into a more prone position.
a person raising an object with their right arm.
a person raises their right arm to take a sip of something.
walks side ways but back and forth
a person steps to the right and then back to the left horizontally.
a man side steps to the right and then to the left.
person walks to the left of the screen and starts pacing
a person paces from left to right.
someone is walking over and pacing back and forth.
the person walks forward while seeming to balance themselves by placing their hand on something to the left.
a person is walking while holding something with his left arm.
someone is walking down holding a beam on their right side
a person starts off standing forward then jumps backwards.
a person jumps and twists.
a person jumps and twirls counter clockwise 180 degrees.
a person holds themselves like they are cold.
a person crosses his arms and drops them.
a person crosses their arms.
person raises right arm above their head
a man brings his right arm up to his face.
a person drops his shoulder, raises right hand to touch head, and then drops the hand.
person grabs right leg and holds knee to chest, extends right foot, then grabs thigh.
a person stretches their right leg.
a person standing brings their knee to their chest and begins to extend then stretch their bent leg.
a figure walks to diagonal to the left turns around an walks up to the right and then back to quarter to the forward.
a person walks to the right and then walks back to the left.
a person walks back and forth
a person walks forward and stumbles to their right a bit, then the person turns around and walks forward and stumbles to the left a bit.
a person is stumbling around.
the person takes a few steps, stumbles, turns around and walks back, but stumbles at the end.
a person performs a magic trick
the figure grabs a foreign object before tossing it to its right-hand side multiple times.
a man stands on the grounds and lifts his left hand upwards from the hips and back while the right hand is remains holding the hips.
a man bends his right arm at the elbow in a struggling motion.
the person is lifting weights weights  with his right arm.
a person raises their red arm and puts it back down twice.
a peron is doing arm stretches.
person is warming up his arms to exercise.
moving arms around in a swinging motion and up and down ends with straightening arms out
a person stands in one place with both hands resting on something.
person is holding arms straight up forward.
someone has their arms up as if they are riding a motorcycle
a person walks forwards stops then turns away and walks back
a man walks forward, pivots around on his right leg and walks back to where he started.
a person walks forward, turns around to his right and then walks back to where he started
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion stopping before completing a full circle.
a person walks in a counter clock wise circle
a man walks in an anti-clockwise circle at normal speed
a person takes a book from a shelf with his left hand.
a person picking up something with their left hand.
a person slowly extends their left arm forward, then drops it back to a neutral stance.
a person ducks down suddenly, steps forward, and stands back up.
a man bends forward and then takes a step.
a man leans his upper body only forward at a 90 degree angle with both arms behind him to balance himself as if he is about to fall over.
the person turns to their left and begins walking up what seem to be 3 stair steps. after the third step the person turns around and takes one step back down.
he takes a step forward while turning and cautiously walks up, turns, and carefully walks back down.
the man climbs 3 tall stairs.
the man plays violin holding it in his right hand.
a person is playing the violin.
a person acts as if they are playing a violin.
a figure does a box step, as though dancing alone
a figure moves on step forward and two steps back
person is taking steps in various directions repeatedly
a person does a jumping-jack.
a person did one jumping jack.
a figure performs a jumping jack, jumping from the starting position with feet at shoulder width to feet wide apart and arms extending from waist height to above the head.
a person sprints to his left.
a person running diagonally to the left side.
a person runs forward while curving to their left.
a man walks forward fast, starting with his right leg.
a man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and his hands by his side.  he takes 5 steps forward and then stops.  he ends by standing in the same posture as when he began.
man moves forward at a normal pace
a person typing up there shoes and putting on a mask
a person bending over to tie left shoe, raises right hand to forehead.
someone puts something in their mouth before kneeling on the ground to tie their shoe.
person walks to the right.then turns to the left and begins climbing a ladder. he sits on the ladder and swings its legs.
person walks in semi circle before climbing a ladder
the person is walking around then climbing something.
the sim walks in a loop fashion before turning around & walking in a straight line.
a person is walking around clumsily
a person shuttles towards the right.
an individual is running forward in at a normal paste.
a person running forward fast.
person is running down the room.
a person steps forward with his right foot, then returns his right foot to its original position.
a person moves their right foot forward then back.
a person standing still for a few seconds stumbles foreward with right foot, then steps back in place and stands.
the figure steps forward then turns slightly right and proceeds to walk in that direction.
a person walks in a right bend direction.
a person walks toward a right-branch in a smooth curve and stops while both arms swing very slightly.
a personsteps up down then over.
a person is walking up a small set of stairs.
a man walks up the stairs and steps backwards ,and then climbs again and moves foward.
a man is moving his hands back and forth.
person moves from one foot to the other and moves their hands in front of their face in a slight dancing motion.
he warms up with a wristankle
a man side steps to the left and the walks forward beofre turning around and walking back.
man takes a long side step, then walks around.
a person walks forward, turns, and walks back
the person walks quickly across the grey board in a wide stance along trajectory of the blue line like he's trying to walk over something.
walking southeast at a relatively quick pace with slight rotation of the hips.
the person is walking forward.
a person waves with their left hand twice and waves a big wave with both in the end
a person waves with their left hand, then giggles and covera their mouth with their right hand, continues to wave with their left hand then excitedly waves with both hands in the air.
a person frantically waves his left hand and then both of his hands above his head.
a person walks backwards and stops.
the body is walking backwards carefully.
a person who is  walking backwards
standing still then waving hand.
a person raised his right hand
a person stands still a long time and then raises his right hand and moves it back and forth.
a person is carefully drinking from a cup
a person stands while eating with his right and drinking with his left hand
a person is standing and moves their arms up to their face to take a sip of something in their hand.
arms outstretched, move arms forward and back.
a man sways both arms back and forth while keeping them horizontal to the ground.
a person waves both arms in the air.
robot start moving from left to right and then stopped.
person walked two steps to the left and then four steps to the right and then stopped.
the person is walking back and forth.
person is using a device in his right hand
a person moves their right hand to the right, then down to the left.
a figure watches a hand held screen then lowers it
a person walking around in circle's
a man walks around in a circle.
a person who walked in a circle
a person standing in place holds a ball with both hands, then throws the ball with right hand and catches the ball with both hands, then throws the ball and catches the ball again.
a person throwing and catching object.
a person has both arms together, throws something, then catches something.
a person walks briskly forward, swinging arms to his side.
a person is swinging their arms as they are walking forward.
a person walks straight with elegance.
a person pick up something with his left hand and with his right hand he is patting it.
the girl squats down and crawls forward on her hands and knees.
the man is picking up things
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle before stopping at their original position.
a person walking in anticlockwise direction and stands still.
a person is walking counterclockwise.
a person is calmly walking
a person walks forward, and then shifts walking to the right
it is someone walking across the room.
person side steps to the left and then sits down. then, gets back up
a person sits down and then gets up and goes back to the same place
a person sidesteps right to an armchair, sits for a moment, and then stands and sidesteps back to the left.
a person runs quickly forward and then turns around.
a person runs forward whilst swinging both arms, then they stop and turn clockwise to face the direction they came from.
a person jogging forward.
a person lifts something with both hands, tilts it, then sets it down
the person is pretendint to possibly throw something.
a person is picking up an object and placing it on a shelf.
figure walking around moving his right arm in a motion like he is bouncing a ball
while dribbling a basketball, a person turns in a counterclockwise circle and then walks forward.
a person walks forward dribbling a ball.
a person sits in a  chair then stands back up.
a person takes a step back, sits down and raises shoulders
a person backs up and sits in a chair with their arms at their sides and then gets up from the chair
a person waves at something with their right hand.
a person is standing and waving his right hand
from a standing postition, the person raised their right arm and waves with their right hand
a man picks something up and puts it toward his head.
a person lifts something with right hand and drinks.
a person steps forward and reaches out with their right arm to lift something to their mouth and tips it in.
a person lifts up their left wrist, looks at the top of their wrist, and puts their arm back to their side.
a person looks at his wristwatch.
a man looks at his watch.
someone is holding something to their ear
a person bringing their left hand up as if holding a cup.
a standing person bends his left arm and looks at his left hand.
the person grabs something and shuts it with their right arm
a man crouches while he bends his right arm.
a person uses right arm to arm wrestle whilst standing.
the person is picking up something.
a person bending down to touch the ground.
picking something up with the right hand
a person waves their arms wildly and shuffles their feet.
a person rhymically steps feet from side to side whilst moving arms up and down
a person dances vigorously using mostly their upper body.
person is walking while kicking out legs
person walks straight while kicking their feet.
the person is walking forward with crazy legs.
a person moves his hips in a circle, then kicks his left leg our, then bends down.
a person is warming up
a person leans forward, rotates hips in a circle, and then lifts legs in a circle while twisting arms.
someone rubs their belly with their left hand and rubs their head with their right hand at the same time.
a person rubs head with right hand and rubs belly with left hand.
a man rubs his stomach and his head simultaneously.
throw toss pass to heavy hamada
this person reaches in front and moves something to the left with both arms.
a person bends over at the waist, picks up an item, turns to their left with the item in hand, and sets it down, then repeats the actions again.
person is bent down trying to pick up stuff, left arm is moved to the back, picks up more stuff and touches back again while bending down
a person, searching for something with their right hand, picks up the item with their left hand and places it in something by their head.
a person reaching down and picking something up.
person slowly walking down stairs, then turn around and goes upstair
a man walks for world in a shuffled gate then turns around and take several steps in the same shuffled gait back.
a man is stepping forward a few steps with his left foot only, bringing his right foot to line up with the left, then turns around and repeats the pattern with the right foot.
a person makes first a right handed overhand throw from a seated position, then a right handed side arm throw from a seated position, then stands and makes another overhand right hand throw.
a person sits down on the ground, swings right arm twice in a slapping motion, stands back up, and then repeats slapping motion once with right hand.
a person sits on the ground, throws two objects, and then stands back up.
a person kneels down, crawls forward, and turns around
the person is on floor crawling.
person squats down to their knees, and then begins to crawl around in random directions. seems to be playful
a person holds both arms straight out to the side, then steps forward, puts their left hand down, and then kneels on both knees (right knee first, then left knee).
a person lifts both arms to the sides then steps forward and kneels down
a person stands and lifts both arms.  then kneels on both knees on the floor.
the person is stretching arms out.
a standing person picks up an object with their left hand, examines it, transfers it to their right hand, then after letting it go they raise both arms up to their sides at shoulder level.
the person puts both hands together and lifts both arms.
the person is bouncing something betweeen both hands.
the person is making a drumming gesture with his hands.
a person is standing and moving his hands up and down as if he is putting something together.
a person touches their left arm with their right hand repeatedly.
person holds left arm with right seems in pain
a person puts his right hand to his left arm.
a person is crouching and shaking while grabbing their head.
sitting, knees toward the chest while both hands go toward the face and back down.
a person squatting, raises arms, shaking in fear.
person clapping while standing up.
a person claps and then places arms back at their sides.
a person is clapping fast.
the man picks something upright then lays it back down.
person picks something up and sets it back down
a man picks something up with both hands and then puts it back down.
the person stands on one foot, leaning over and using their arms to balance.
the floor shifts and a person leans from side-to-side to regain their balance.
person is balancing in one place.
someone moves their arms upwards then downwards in a repeated motion.
a man exercises by lifting dumb bells in each hand.
a person lifts weight with both hands.
a man walks down a ramp while his arms hang down his sides.
person walks forward in a straight line
he walks forward then stops
a person crawls downward on all fours then stands up, then while facing to the right sidesteps upwards and touches left knee with left hand.
a man crawling on ground then stands up.
the person is crawling forward on his hands and knees and than stands up straight.
a person throws his arm over his head as if throwing something then bends down a catches something on the ground
he catched the ball on the ground then threw back with his right hand.
a person makes a throwing baseball motion with right hand, bends down to pick up an object and throws again with right hand.
the person is sitting down.
soneone almost sits down indian style then raises back up to stand.
an indivual decides to sits down for a about a second with his legs crossed, and then stands up again.
a person steps diagonally and stops.
a man takes on long step forward with his right leg, dragging his left leg along with it.
from a standing position, the person takes a quick step forward with their right foot
the man begins with his feet shoulder width apart and his arms by his side.  he then lifts both hands at the same time bending the arms at the elbows and then he returns then to the original position.  he repeats the lift two times.
a person is standing and lifting both his forearms
a person does dumbell curls with both hands.
the person runs across the room.
a person runs forward curving to the left.
a person runs fast towards their left.
person grab the ball and he threw it across the field
a figure winds up to throw a pitch
a person jogs to the side then lifts something and throws it
a figure jogs in place
person running in place at diufferent speeds
the person is jogging in place.
the person is moon dancing backwards.
a person sliding/ slipping backwards.
a man slides backwards slowly.
a man spins his right arm around in fast forward circles, hopping slightly as he does, then repeats the process with backwards circles, then does fast forward circles with his left arm.
a person spins their arms around as if getting ready to exercise.
lightly jumping in place rotating right arm forwards then backwards then rotating left arm forward
a person stretches from side to side.
a person is raising his left arm above the hand while lowering his right hand below the crotch, then repeats it with opposite hands.
a man raises one arm then lowers it and raises the other arm.
a person positions their hand like theyre holding motorcyle handle bars.
a person is standing still with arms raised shoulder high.
person stands still with arms raised above shoulders
hand shake with right hand.
a man is doing an action of handshake
a person raises their right hand and does a hand shake.
the figure does a shot put throw, complete with the wind up spin.
a person walks in a circle and then swings at an object.
the person was playing tennis.
a person jogs in a clockwise circle.
a person jogs slowly in a clockwise circle
a person is jogging around
a person shuffles once to his left.
someone moves to the left side
a person jumps to their left
person looks like they are jousting with another person.
a person slightly squats, puts their arms up in defense, and hops backwards maintaining the defensive pose.
a person starts in a neutral standing position then puts his arms out in a fighting position and backs up quickly.
a person standing still and moving his left hand.
a person checks the watch on their left wrist.
person raises their left arm and moved head towards wrist
a person leans over to touch the ground with right hand and left arm raised.
the person is  stretching.
person reaches down to touch the right side of foot
a fighter practices his kickboxing moves
a person wloaly walked forward while keep kicking with right hand, and after leg leg
stickman kicking forward with right leg two times, one left leg kick, and a right leg kick to the side.
a person walks forward, turns around to sit down, waves their arms and stands back up.
a person walks forward and sits on something.
a figure walks forwards before turning 180 degrees and sitting
a person is standing. they throw with their right hand amd catch witg their left hand.
a person throwing something and then holding hands as if they were excited or satisfied with the result.
a person throws a ball with his right hand and then catches the ball with both of his hands.
a person feeling the back of their head.
a person scratching his head.
moves hand up and lets it stay up
a man walks forward with his arms loosely at his side.
a person walking forward, then stops.
a man stands still then walk forward slowly.
a person checks his left wrist.
a person looks at a device on their left wrist.
a person checks the time on their watch
a man walks forward slowly in a jagged line.
a person walks down a slope slowly, walks to their left hand side, returns to the middle, then walks to their right hand side, continuting to walk forward.
a person is walking and then takes big steps to each side.
a man walks forward in a snake like pattern.
walking in a random pattern.
the man walks in a zigzag way to the bottom.
getting up from kneeling position with help of left hand at a normal pace.
a person stands up from the ground using left hand to push up from ground onto right knee and up into standing
a person on their knees pushes themselves up with their left hand to a standing position
a person leaping up and then shuffling to their left.
a person did a quick jump up and then a quick jump to the side.
a person jumps up and then moves to the left (2) quick steps sideways.
a man crawls on the floor and then gets up.
the person steps backwards, gets on the ground on all fours, crawls forward, gets back up , and then makes a pushing motion
a person gets on their hands and knees, crawls forwards slightly then stands and shoves something in front of them.
a man is curling with his right arm
a person lifts an object with their right hand.
a person acts like they are washing something with their right hand.
a person steps to the right
a person step to the right.
a person standing and takes a steps left.
person walks forward and picks something up with both hands
person walks forward and crouches down.
someone walk up to pick something up off the floor
a person is stretching its shoulders
a person stretching his hands and bending forward.
a person streches their arms to the left then right.
a person walks forward with their right arm slightly lifted and bent, walks backwards and bends their arm downward in a 90 degree angle, spins around counterclockwise and walks forward with their right hand out and bent
a person taking steps up , followed by steps down.
someone walks backwards toward some stairs and turns around and goes down the steps.
the person is walking down steps waving his arms.
a person walks forward while lifting both arms as if he is talking.
the person casually walks forward, drifting to the right direction and swings their arms as if they are disappointed
this person jumps up and down several times in place.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person hops up and down while swinging their arms
a person sets something down behind them with two hands and then sets another thing behind them with one hand.
a persongrabbed something and put it down somewhere
a person holding something, turns around and places it down, then turns back.
person person put his left arm up like he was looking out a watch.
the left hand goes up to the chest and back down.
a man looks at his wrist or watch
from a standing position the person reaches up with their right arm and touches their head with their right hand, before lowering their hand back down beside their body
a person lifts up there right arm towards there head
a person raises their right hand over their head.
a man is driving a car.
the persons seems to be dancing
person squatting and lifting something in both arms-like a bar bell
person takes a bow and brings right hand towards body and back
person stand tall then bows body down and to the side once and moves back to starting position
a man bows for the camera.
a man does jumping jacks.
a person standing in place performs jumping jacks then stops.
the person is doing jumping jacks
a person slowly takes four steps forward.
a person walks forward four steps.
person is walking down carefully.
a man lifts his left leg. he kicks the air once, then stretches it to his right, bending it as the knee as he twists it. he then stretches it back out and kicks the air several more times.
a person raised the left leg and did something
a person stands on their right leg and kicks with their left.
a men bends down to pick something up then starts moving one hand back and forth.
a man picks up an object with his right hand and moves it back and forth.
the person is moving something.
a person calping their hands
a person claps their hands.
person raises hand clapsed together and claps seven times
a person holds an object steady with their right arm and strums with their left arm.
a man holds out his right hand and with his left hand moves rapidly up and down in front of the body.
a person plays a guiter, holding the guitar with their right hand and strumming it with their left.
the person lifts his left hand to his head.
the figure lifts right arm and places it on top of head.
a person raises their left hand and lowers their right.
jogging forward a couple of feet
the person is running.
this person jogs forward and stops.
a person lifts his left arm multiple times.
a person raising and lowering object with their left arm/ hand.
a person who lifts there left hand up twice
a person walks forward and takes a left turn.
the man takes 4 steps to the left.
a person takes a few steps curving to the left.
person is hopping from one spot to another.
a person jumps forward, and lands on both of their feet.
a person squats and jumps forward in a straight line.
a person is walking forward along a set straight line.
the man walks forward and wobbles from side to side as if walking a plank.
a person is walking on a balance beam with arms at their sides.
a person walks in a clockwise circle then walks straight ahead, doing a little run from side to side before turning back around and walking in the other direction.
person walks in the shape of a j but runs the last two step and heads back to where they started.
a person walks up a ramp, then flails his left and right arms, makes a 180⁰ turn to his right and then continues down the path.
the person is running ahead.
a person runs forward at normal pace.
a person runs forward in a diagonal path
gets down on knees and hops backwards by a inch
a person gets into a sprinter's stance and then stands up.
someone swings their arm back to get into a low crouched position, like a runners start.
a person kicking/ swinging legs from side to side.
the left knee goes towards the chest, then right knee goes towards the chest, and then left knee towards the chest again.
a person swings his legs from side-to-side.
a person who is waving with their right hand
a man waves with his right hand.
a person waves with their right arm
a person sat on the floor, by crossing his legs and after stand up
person crosses feet sits down then moves legs apart and stands up
someone sits on the floor and gets up again
a person raises their right forearm and waves.
a persoon scratches their head with their right hand.
person raises forarm shouder height
a person stands on the spot with both their arms chopping something
man shakes right fist warming up
the foward facing figure has its arms contorted and bent downward, it spasms awkwardly maintaining this posture.
the person punches the air and jumps.
figure looks like he is getting ready for a boxing match.
person is punching the air then jumping.
a person stretches their leg by lunging back and forth on it, stretches their arms one at a time by lifting them and bending at the waist in the opposite direction, then finally walks forward.
a person stretches legs then arms then runs forward.
someone is exercising legs and arms
a person reaches down and picks something up on their left side with both hands and sets it down on their right side.
from a standing position, the person used both hands to lift somthing from waist height on the left, and set it down at waist height on the right
a figure bends down slightly, extends his arms, mimics a lifting motion at the waist
a person makes a toast, then raises a glass to take a drink and wipes his lips with a napkin.
a person picks something up with his right hand and lifts it to his face, holding something in his left hand he lifts it to his face.
the person picks up something with its right are and looks to cheers and drinks. then with its left hand picks of something and moves it towards its mouth
a person throws their hands outwards then back in front of them.
a person stretches their elbows behind them.
this person looks like he’s just moving his arms a little bit.
a man lying on his back with his knees bent and both hands bend with his hands close to his ears, then begins to preform sit ups by raising himself off his back and up to his knees.
a person is holding a weight above their head and doing ab crunches
a person does sit ups on the floor with their hands behind their head.
a person moves an object from a surface from their left to their right
a man moves an object from left to right while standing.
a man picks something up from his left and places it on his right.
i person throwing a right jab or punch.
the man is boxing forward.
a person standing and punching with their right hand.
a person raises and lowers their arms mimicking bird wings
this person raises and lowers his arms up and own slowly.
person was flapping his arms like a bird.
a person walks upstairs and then back down
a man walks gradually up some steps, makes a half-turn, and walks gradually downwards again.
a person walking up then down the stairs
the person throws punches as if practicing fighting.
a person punches twice with his right arm and twice with his left arm and then swings from under and up with his right arm and then left and then repeats the sequence.
a person uppercuts with his right hand then his left, pats his hands together and then jabs with both hands repeatedly.
walking in a circle while dancing.
the person was dancing the cha-cha.
this person steps and turns all around as if he is dancing.
prson is shaking hands in front of themselves.
whoa buddy don't hurt me i don't want any problems
a person raises their hands and waves with both.
a person dances like michael jackson by kicking their right leg and moonwalking backwards.
a man dances, doing the moonwalk and kicking his legs.
a person dancing in way michael jackson does and performs a moonwalk at the end
a person scratching their head
a person waves their right hand in the air
a person waves to a crowd as he looks to his left, right and then straight ahead.
a person makes a right handed hit.
a person leads with their right foot and jabs with their right hand and returns back to original position.
a person takes a step forward with their right foot and reaches their right hand forward and back quickly.
a person steps carefully while walking forwards.
the person was walking on steppingstones.
a person takes wide steps as if walking around something.
person crouches down and begins to fall backwards.
person leans back and sits down
a person squats and sits on something.
a person skips forward on leg then turns right. he does this four times.
the man jumps 4 times to make a square.
a person runs and jumps in a square.
man vegeta shrugs his arms
person is tickling themselves standing up.
a person crosses their arms over one another in front of their body
the person is  sitting down and i think typing.
person crouches and rotates hands and legs
the body is in squatting position while the right arm goes toward the face and back down multiple times.
a person hops forward then moves backwards before moving forward again and does two left and two right jabs
the person is running and jumping around.
person skips forward, then skips to the left, then skips backwards then skips their body to the left side, then the right side. extremely energetic
person quickly walks forward and stumbles
a person walks forward leaning left and then right.
a person walks forward and is pushed forward.
a person looks at their wrist.
a man raises his right wrist towards his chest, and looks down at it.
person lifts and bends right arm to look at something on his wrist
a person walks backwards in a counterclockwise curve.
a person walks backward in a counter-clockwise direction, glancing down at his feet occasionally.
a person slowly walking backwards from back making the circle
a person is pushed forward and stands still.
the forward facing figure is pushed, it stumbles a bit forward but keeps its balance and doesn't fall.
a person takes one step forward with his left leg and then brings his right leg up to meet it.
a person runs on the spot.
a person jogs in place for a few seconds and then stops.
a person is running in place.
person walking forward, falling down and catching him with his hands then getting back up to walk to the right
a person walks forward, then trips and falls; they get up and back away to their left.
a person trips and falls and then recovers to look at what they tripped over.
a person with arms down and relaxed makes a forward upward motion with right arm.
a man is lifting his right arm.
a person sticks their right hand up
a person does a small jump
this figure seems to be jumping over something
a person jumps in the air.
person  facing forward does a throwing motion  with right arms before  going into a defensive motion with fists in face
a person throws an object with his right hand, then raises both hands to his mouth.
a person pretends to throw something with his right hand, steps back, and holds both hands up as if to catch something.
a man gets down on all fours and crawls forward.
a person gets down on all fours and crawls forward.
figure kneels down on right knee then left then begins to crawl forward
a person is dancing with arms in  air moving side to side.
a person is waving around his arms and legs.
a person swings on tree branches like a monkey
a man starts jogging forward quickly.
a person moves forward quickly
a person starts walking or running at a normal pace.
a person takes 5 steps forward, starting and ending with their right foot.
a person looking and walking straight toward.
person is walkng down.
a person brings their left hand up to touch their mouth, returns their arm to the side, then swings both arms simultaneously up and away from them.
a person checks their watch on the left wrist.
a person raises their left arm to their face then drops it back by their side.
a person is standing with their hands on their hips, they walk forward and turn to the right, then relax their arms.
a person put their hands on their hips and walks to the left and then turn to face the opposite way, dropping his hands from his hips
a person has hands by his hips and walks to the left.
the man jogs forwards and then slows down to a walk as he makes a clockwise half circle back the way he came.
a person walks in a semi circular route to the right.
a person walking excitedly then walking sad in a clockwise circle.
a person walks a loop clockwise with his arms out in front of him.
a man carries a large object with both hands and walks forward, turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
the man stood up from the chair and walked towards the living room.
a man walks forward before coming to a stop.
person standing walks in a curve from left to right
a person walks forward then upwards.
a person slowly walks forward and then up a flight of stairs
a person walks forward and suddenly stops moving forward and stay at the same position while moving his feet.
a standing person leans to their left, slightly bends their left knee and flexes their left arm at the elbow, then returns to standing position.
left foot raised left jig
a man is standing with his hands on his hips and his right leg forward.  he then shifts his weight to his left leg and raises his left hand toward his armpit before returning his weight to his right leg.
a person runs backwards for a consistent timeframe, moving his arms in a consistent motion as well
a man runs backwards while occasionally looking back.
a person jogs backwards at a slow pace.
a person lifts their arms from their sides in a semi-circle motion and ends with the forearms facing up.
a man holds his arms out in front of him in a shrugging gesture, then brings his arms down to his side, before lifting his right hand to head height and waves.
the person is acting out the nursery rhyme cock robin.
a person walking and turns left.
a person walks forward in a left curve.
a person walks in a curved motion to the front right side of the square.
a person is sitting down and moves his right arm around.
a man sitting down and grabbing something with his right hand.
a person sits down and raises their right arm to their chest then drops it.
robot moved from left to right and turned his body towards right.
a person walk from his left hand sidealong the diagonal.
a person walks forward two steps then turns right while walking two more steps before coming to a halt.
a person walks forward, turns left to turn completely, back to the starting spot.
person is circling around.
a man walks two paces forward, turn around counter clockwise, and walk two paces back to where he started.
doing exercizes with jumping jacks
person does jumping jacks and does a turn around hop at the end.
a person does jumping jacks followed by a twist.
a person walks forward but slightly to the right.
a person walks fast and veers slightly to their right.
a person walks briskly to their right
a person with an injured left arm and leg walking with a limp.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person is limping with their left leg
a figure stretches by twisting from side to side with arms outstretched then rolls their arms as well
a person with their arms raised in front of them rotates their torso from left to right while swinging their arms. then the person rotates their arms in a windmill motion.
a person is swing their torso back and forth and then swings their arms in circles.
person crouches over and picks something up with right hand
a man picks something up off the ground.
person standing bends down at the knees and touches the ground
a person runs forward, turns around and walks back slowly, then bends down and gets back up.
a man runs forward, then turns and walks in the opposite direction and crouches down.
a man dashes forward, turns to walk back, and then squats once.
the person swings his arm in and then swings his right arm out.
a person standing still uses their left arm in a "l" position to rotate inwards 1 time.
a robot is standing then stretch left arm and moves it in anti clockwise direction
a person doing a strange step back and swinging their right arm and then trying to catch something
a person steps back and uses their right arm to throw something, then they step back again and use both hands to catch something.
toon is standing with the hips at an angle, raising their right hand in to motion of playing table tennis or ping pong.
a person stays in the same spot and slowly lowers their arms in a casual way
a person raises something to their face with both hands.
a person holds both hands near their head, then slowly and reluctantly lowers both hands to their sides.
person raises right arms in waving motion
a person waving with right hand.
a person waves their right hand
a person walks forward slightly then kicks with their right leg, then walks backwards slightly.
a figure makes a figure 8 motion with its legs as the "8" appears on the ground underneath him
a person low kicking with their right foot
a person walks in a clockwise circle while holding something over their right shoulder.
a man walking around in a clockwise circle with his right arm hovering over his right shoulder as he walks.
a man walks in a clockwise circle while holding something to his left shoulder.
he walks while holding onto a handrail.
a man walks and steadies himself with a handrail.
person walks while putting right hand on the wall.
a man crouches down on the ground.
a person crouches and has contact to the ground with both of their hands and feet only.
the figure squats down and places both hands on the ground
a person standing up catches something using both of their hands, then they throw something with their right hand above their right shoulder, then catches something using both of their hands, then they throw something with their right hand above their right shoulder
person is simulating baseball playing.
a man throws a ball to his dog right hand
a standing up person bends down and gets back up.
a person bows forward then steps backward.
the man bows and takes a small step back with his left foot not moving the right foot.
a person punches with their right arm, swats with their right arm, then punches with their left arm
a person throws punches with their right hand jerks their hand to the right.
a man throws punches using his right hand.
someone crouches and crawls and goes around
a person turns 90 degrees, then gets down on its knees and starts crawling.
a person gets down on his hands and knees and crawls to left before turning around to crawl to the right and then stands back up.
a person casually walks forward three paces
a man walks foward and then stops.
a person walks forward with arms at the side and slightly swings hips
someone moving forward and stopped
person standing walks forward a few steps
a man slowly walks forward and then comes to a stop.
person is standing with shoulders slumped and looking lazy
a figure sways imposing their bulk.
person just stumbles forwards and then backwards.
a person steps forward with their left foot, and wipes across a surface with their left hand.
person is grabbing something then walking back.
the person starts with both arms raised slightly away from their side, steps forward with their left leg first. before moving their left arm from left to right before stepping back and returning to the first position.
a person folding their arms
someone folds their arms akimbo, hands in the crook of their elbows.
a person crosses their arms in front of them
a person steps to their left and sits down.
a person sits down in a chair of sorts and then gets back up
a person side steps to the left and sits down.
a person shakes their arms and shoulders and move backwards at the same time
a person has a spasm on the spot.
a person struggles to stand still and stumbles
someone is learning a dance
a person dances while moving their arms.
a person dances stepping forward then, back.
person is focused on their hands around their head.
person touches head with left hand and feels their hair.
a person slowly raises their right forearm so that their hand is in line with their head.
person holds something in left hand while he passes something out one at a time in a half circular motion in front of him, afterwhich they put the object down in front of them, and finally made sweeping motion with their right arm.
person is passing out something, and then picks it up
move object from left to right with hands
a figure hunches over with their arms dangling in front, and moves their arms slightly to the left, then right
person bends slightly as if picking up something about knee high on the left side and then transfers it to the right side.
a person stretches their left arm, which is raised above their head.
a person extends their arms upwards, stretching.
a person stretches by arching their left arm over their head.
a person jogs to the left then turns around to jog to the right before turning around one last time.
a person runs from side to side.
a person is jogging in a line back and forth before facing the center.
man sits down and cross-legged fashion and then stands up again.
a person sits down crossed legged.
a person sits on the floor then stands back up.
a person is strumming a guitar with their left hand.
a person strums a guitar/banjo twice with their left hand while holding the neck with their right.
a person playing strings and putting instrument down.
a person take a step forward in a straight direction then continues to walk forward and slightly to their right.
a man stands momentarily, takes a step forward, then turns and walks to his right.
the person steps forward and then walks to their right.
a person steps forward to the right and then stops.
a person carefully taking steps into or around something.
someone is staggering forward in a drunken manner
a man uses his right hand to throw somthing with force.
a person throws something then moves forward
the person steps back on their right leg before pitching a baseball forward.
a person scratches themselves using their right hand.
a person picks something up, shakes it in front of them, then sets it down
a person picks something up and screws it onto something in front of them with their right hand.
a man standing and suddenly seems to lean to the front and then quickly to the back like he's losing balance.
the body bends forward, with the right hand that pushes further back than the side.
a person falling forward then sits back up.
a person kneels down placing their left knee and left hand simultaneously on the ground, then their right knee and finally their right hand.
a person who is standing slowly gets down on their knees.
a person cautiously steadies himself with a table and lowers himself first to a kneel and continuing to sit on both knees and his arms fall to his sides.
a person walks to the left and then in a clockwise circle.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
a man walks in a circle before stopping.
a man bouces from left to right repeatedly.
a person jumps around strangely
a person laterally skip jumps from side-to-side three times.
a person takes something from above, walks away, walks back and puts the item on the ground.
a person reaches above their head with their right arm, walks away from the location, turns around, returns to where they reached over their head, and they reach to the ground with the same hand.
a person is walking back and froth, then picks an item up.
person walks side to side with hands at their sides.
a person sidesteps to the left 2 steps, then sidesteps to the right 4 steps, then sidesteps to the left 2 steps.
person side shuffles back and forth across the screen
a person walks straight forward
the man walked forward a few steps then stopped.
a man walking in a straight line in the forward direction
a person swats downward at something with their right arm, then step-kicks at something twice with their right leg while making a clockwise turn.
raising hand and kicking while walking.
an angry person throws and kicks objects around.
a figure standing prone with legs slightly apart before stretchong both arms out to either side of its body
a person is standing in a half squat position, before t-posing.
a person stands with their hands together in front of them, and then stretches their arms out to the sides.
figure does knockout turn around on heel
a person nonchalantly walks forward in a clockwise motion
the figure moves somewhat jerkily jabing with the right arm then a fully extended punch before turning around jauntily and rotating back around to face the direction they were previously facing before outstretching both their arms up.
the person is crouched down and raises their left hand
a person squats and eats with his left hand.
a person sitting with left hand moving up.
person raises arms slightly at the sides.
a person raises both of his arms.
the sim is standing still, before extending their arms away from the resting position at their waste.
person does two star jumps then does squat jumps arms above head x 2
the stick figure is doing a mixture of squating and junping jacks.
a man is jumping up and down with a repeated legs out legs in motion and arms down arms up motion performing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward in a straight line. the person goes at a normal pace.
the stick figure is walking foward  in a sigsag as if he is just learning how to walk.
a person walks forward while rocking back and forth.
a person makes two short hops.
person slightly bends their knees to perform two jumps all the while facing forward
the person is standing still then jumps twice in quick succession, these jumps are not powerful so they do not jump far off the ground.
man raises arms over the head but feet stay on ground.
the person is standing and raises his arms up in the air and then back down again
the person is waving hands up.
a person stretches his arms out to the sides and then does a cartwheel to the right.
the body does a cartwheel to a slight left.
person is doing a cart wheel.
a person raises both their hands to the top of their head and do a washing motion.
a person is standing and brings left and right arms to sides to make a scratching motion then moves arms up to head to make a scratching motion on both sides, left arm finishes scratching first then right.
a person is scrubbing his body and hair in the shower.
person jogs on the spot
a person jogs on the spot
person moves their hands up and down and buck their legs as if they're running
a person stops to take a look at their watch.
a person moves his left arm up and his right arm downward.
person holds left arm up with left hand putting something into face area
a person dances with their hands out forward.
the person practices their ballroom dancing routine
a person dances around the room, holding someone.
the person is dragging his bad leg while walking.
a person walks down hill dragging his right foot.
person walks forward slowly dragging feet behind
a man sits down, brings his hands to his face and then stands back up.
a person sits down on a step stool, rests his chin on his hands, and then stands back up.
a person sits down and then put their head in their hands.
a person places left hand on cround and gets into a seated position on the ground. the person uses left hand to brace themself and gets back to a standing position
sits down on the ground with legs crisscrossed then gets back up again.
a man kneels down and takes a seat for a second and then stands back up
a person steps forward, raises their hand to their face and makes small gestures, then repeats the motion.
figure appears to be itching its face
person is touching their face
a man uses his left hand to open something in his right hand and brings the right hand up to his face as if he's drinking.
a person brings their left hand to their right, then raises their right hand to their mouth as if drinking something.
a person takes a drink
a person walks in a curve to their left, at a steady/somewhat quick pace.
the person walked around the bend to the left.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
a person gathering to throw a ball.
person performs a tennis like motion to hit a serve twice
the person steps back and rsuses arm to throw something then repeats the action.
the person turns on the faucet to wash the dishes
a person grabbed something with right and left hand, and did something
the person is in the shower washing his left arm.
someone limbers up by stretching their left arm over their right side deeply.
stretch up and to the left, left hand over head
a person performs a stretch
a person walking on a trail.
a man walking left and right.
a person steps on stones in a zigzag.
the man strikes a pose with his arms in the air
the man is making a pose
a person raises both arms overhead while rocking body right to left
a person standing up takes a bow forwards one time.
a person takes a bow forward.
person bends backward to arch back and stands back up.
a person walks diagonal leading with the right leg, then turns to walk back while swinging arms.
a person walks slightly to the side, then walks back in a slightly exaggerated manner.
a person is taking side steps to the right, then walks to the left.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand and then walks back
a person looking to their left walks in a tight circle while continuing to face the same direction. they look to be slightly off balance
the body taking a step back then moving in clockwise circle, ending with the arms extending towards the head.
a standing person holds their hands in front of their chest and claps three times.
a man raises his hands to the middle of his body, claps and drops his hands.
a person claps his hands together, then returns his hands to his sides.
person pick some thing up on the left and moved it to the right.
picks up something and moves arms over to the left to place it down
a man picks up a flat object with both hands and places it on the left side.
a person is sitting, and rotating an object in front of them with both arms.
a person appears to be driving.
the figure is in a seated position, moving it's bent arms up and down in opposing directions.
a person walking in an odd manner as if he/she was drunk
a person stumbles diagonal then turns around and walks across
a person slowly walks to the left and then back to the right with their left hand and arm swaying.
the person bends over to pick something up with his right hand.
robot walked forward and pick up something from ground with the right hand
a person bends forward and reaches down with hand.
a person walks forward with their arms at their sides while slightly going right.
a person casually walking forward
forward walking and it ends
a person is doing karate kicks.
a person aggressively kneeing and kicking.
someone does two right knee raises before doing a full right leg kick in a counter clockwise direction.
a person holds their right hand up at someone.
a person holds both hands out in front up of them, then drops their arms down, raises their left hand as if to wave, drops it, and repeats with the left arm.
a person stretches his arms out in front of him at chest height with his palms showing, brings them back down to his side, and then he waves with his right hand and then his left hand.
a man holds someone's hands as if greeting them and then shakes his left hand with someone
the man greets someone the shakes their hand.
a person shakes hands using both hands.
a person sits down crises cross applesauce
a person sits down cross legged and then gets back up
a person bends at the knees, using their arms to balance themselves as they lower to the floor into a cross-legged sitting position, and then uses their knees to stand back upright.
the person stepped over some thing while walking forward.
person takes a step forwards then takes one big step, as if stepping over a gap.
the man walks forward as if his legs hurt.
a person hops forward with both legs and after a few hops they hop on top of something then back down right after.
the figure turns and proceeds to bunny hop across the grey space.
a person jumps forward then hops upon multiple obstacles.
a person raises their right hand thoughtfully, kicks towards the right hand side with their right leg, and extends their right arm and left leg outward rapidly.
the person is dancing. they are swinging their arms around and then turn around. they then side step and raise their right arm in the air
a person dancing and turning while moving arms left and right.
the person tossed the ball with both hands
the person pick something up and toss it over handed.
person is playing catch with someone
a man stands on the ground and the walks clockwise making a semi sircle and then stops.
a person walking to the right making a quarter of a circle.
a person throws something with their right hand, while raising their right leg very slightly.
person picked up some thing with his right hand and threw it.
a person throws an object over-hand.
a person grabbing a item and then looking to the right and shaking the item then placing back down in the same place
a person picks something up and acts as if they are cleaning with it.
a person picks the soap off of the counter and use it to wash himself in the shower
person holds hands in front of body level with head and kicks with left foot repeatedly.
a man is stepping back and then kicking forward
a person has their arms up to their shoulders and kicking with their left leg.
a man stands still before taking a step back.
a person steps backwards after a moment.
a person stands motionless before taking one step backwards starting with their left foot.
a person takes bouncing steps toward the lower right hand side, stopping for a moment in the middle before walking towards the lower right hand side again.
a person is walking forward while looking at the floor.
person is dancing arounds arms up.
this person was doing some dance move, lifting their knees to the right and left.
a peson alternates lifting their knees starting with the right while raising their arms.
the person takes something out then puts the object to their head
a person picks up something off the ground with his right hand while in a squat position.
a person is squating down
the stick figure person slides to his left while dabbing to the oposite direction.
a person does usain bolt's celebration
person leans to his left, streches right arm and takes selfie
a man leans forward just in front of him to pick up an imaginary item on the right of the screen and moves it to the right side of the screen.
a person staying on the place, and doing some jesture with both hands
person lifts up something from a table and puts it back down slightly to the right
a man walks quickly from the back of the platform to the front, then stops.
person person walked forward 4 steps.
person walks five steps forward in a straight line
person is crouching down like a tiger.
a person looks down and moves their hands around in front of their thighs.
person standing bends slightly forward and moves hands around in front of thighs
the person lifts both arms out to his side, bends to put his left hand on the floor then bends both knees  to kneel, then he stands up straight.
a person waves arms and then kneels down with left hand on the ground.
swinging both arm outward against the hip then gets down on the ground to the knees.
a person is using his left arm to repeatedly lift a dumbbell, bending his arm at the elbow.
a person rapidly lifts their left forearm multiple times.
the man is waving with his left hand.
a man picks up a drink with his right hand, takes a drink, lowers his hand for brief second before taking another drink of the imaginary beverage. this time, the man dri ks the reat of the be erage by tilting his head back all the way.
a stick figuer talks its right hand and tilts it back to there head like they are taking a drink lowers there hand and they takes another drink and tilts bak more like they are chugging their drink.
a person lifting up and drinking something.
the person picks the change off of the ground then walks back
the figure is walking, touches the ground and then walks back and touches the ground on his way walking back.
this person walks forward bends to pick up something, walks back, stops again to pick up another item.
a person stands in place with their arms bent.
a person stands still and steadies themselves
someone uses their left leg to lean to the left side and then goes back to their original position using both feet.
a person taking a huge diagonal step
a person takes a large step forward to the right.
a person takes one large diagonal step to their front right
a person moves a step to the left side from being pushed.
a person standing still in once place is pushed to the right from the left and takes one step before stopping.
a person steps quickly to the left.
moving forward and jump on the floor and come backward.
the person limps after nearly falling
person walks forward, trips, and keeps walking
a person walks jauntily
the person is walking backwards .
a figure walks flauntlessly as it paces in a steady backwards motion.
a person stretches their arms above their head
a man stands and stretches his arms upward, then outward, and then bend slightly at the ways to stretch his legs.
a person stretches arms upward and outward and then leans to stretch leg.
the person makes several motions to warm up.
a person walks as they rub their hands together.
a person moves his hands together and hops in the air.
person raises both hands together chest height and rubs hands together
a man claps his hands.
a man standing claps quickly in front of his body.
a person walks confidently forward several steps, then bends over to pick up a heavy object and place it at a higher location, they then turn around and walk away confidently.
a person going to pick something up
a man walking fast, picking up object with both right and left hands.
standing person moving left arm as if they are rubbing their stomach.
a person moves their left arm in a corcle motion.
person does two circular motions with left hand hip height
a person scratches the side of their head with their left hand.
person scratches their head using their left hand
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
the person is walking around and then trips over something
a person walks around, stumbles, and then walks with a limp.
he walks around a circle
a man excersizes by sitting down and getting up
robot is trying hard to sit with legs crossed and then stands up.
a man puts his left leg infront of his right leg in a crossed position and bends his knees to squat down without his bottom touching the ground and stands up.
a person picks something from his left hand gives it in his right side.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides reaches down with his right hand to pick up something, moves his right arm to his left and holds up what is his hand, resumes his original position, then moves his right arm to his left and holds up his right hand again.
a man picks something up and puts it on something high
a person walks at a diagonal, downwards and to the left.
a person walks forward and steps over something
a person walks towards right side and climb up and down and walks forward.
a person stands in one place while their arms and upper body move around
person stands and moves arms in a sway motion  off balance before raising arms up and sways again
a man waves his arms then shields his eyes.
a man is in standing position then proceeds to walk four steps at a steady pace then enters the same standing position again.
a person walks from side to side, then stops.
a person walks straight forward.
a person runs to their right for 4 steps, turns around, runs back 5 steps and then walks back to where they began.
person jogs from left to right on narrow strip.
a person jogs lightly forward and then turns and jogs lightly back to where he started.
the man gets on his hand and knees and crawls forward 4 crawls then stands and walks back.
a person who was standing and then crawling
person facing forward turns to the right, bends getting into an "on your mark" position, crawls five steps, stands up, using left leg takes one step back to initial position
a person kicks with their right leg, does a jig with both feet, and slides forward and kicks with each foot.
person appears to be tap dancing, then kicks steps to the left and then to the right.
a person is tap dancing
a man stretches each of his arms over his head.
the person stretches with their left arm over their head then with their right arm
stretching right to left and both arms going over the head
person took two steps forward and one step back and then another step forward.
a person walks forward, hits something, then keeps walking
a person walks forward, then takes a step back, and then walks forward.
a person steps forwards, turns around on their left foot and walk back.
a person walks clockwise to their right.
person takes two steps, turns 180 degrees, takes two more steps.
person standing steps back to the left then to the right
person walks backwards for a step then walk towards left and then to left and turns around
person steps feet infront of each other to side
a person walks forward on a ramp upward.
a person walks forward while moving hand
a man walks forward slowly.
a man steps back 3 paces, then crouches low and walks forward 3 paces, then stands and walks back 3 paces.
a person walks backwards and then commits to a series of lunges forward, dropping to their knee with each step.
a person walks backwards and then duckwalks forward.
a person walks around the room.
man walks turns right then left then right again.
a person walking in a z-shape style.
a person runs backwards in a diagonal pattern.
a person runs backgrouns diagonally
a person skips backwards on a diagonal path to the left.
a person stands still then they throw a football
a person pitching a baseballl
a person carries something it their hands and then uses their right hand to throw it
a person spints in a circle then taks big steps forward
he turns and walks awkwardly.
a man turns around and then does a silly walk forward.
a standing person slowly walks backwards then stops.
a person starts walking with his right foot backwards.
a person walks backwards from side to side starting with their right foot.
person moves backwards towards the left then right as though he is playing a sport game like football or baseketball
stepping to the side then back.
a person sidesteps back and forth then moves backward.
a person shuffles to his left.
a person reaches out to grab something with his right arm and then attempts to drag it backwards.
person holds onto something with their right hand and pulls it
a person walks to his right then turns around to make a jump
a man walks to the left then walks to the right and skips.
walking and jumping back to beginning
the man takes steps backwards then does a backflip
the person is dancing and jumping around.
the person was getting ready and did a backflip.
he tries to clean the floor
person takes step down then two steps on the same spot and then big jump dow and half turn to the right
a person walks forwards, and steps up and over a structure.
a man is marching around in a circle.
a person jogging slowly in circles .
a person sway from side to side with his legs and arm while going in a clockwise circle.
he puts down box to work
person moves forward and moves right hand with something in it carefully
while walking the person is carrying something, puts it down, and continues to walk.
the person takes a step forward, while their arms are raised outward and at the height of their shoulders, and then quickly pulses their arms.
a person takes a few steps forward with their arms outstretched.
this person holds both arms out to the sides and walks forward.
a person walks forward a few steps on their tippy toes and then turns around and walks back in the same fashion.
walking forward and then backwards.
a person  walks, turns and then walks exaggerated steps like uphill.
person walks forward and moves their right hand across them, then steps back
a person walks forward and hands come close together, right hand then moves slightly away, before person steps back.
a person steps forward, slides something to the right, and steps back again.
a man leans forward very slightly, then sways as he looks off to his left.
a man sways from side to side, bending forward at the hips twice. his arms hang listlessly at his sides.
a person is swaying and slightly swinging his arms in front of him.
person is lied on ground with feet and hands spread wide apart uses both hands to get up into standing position
a person is laying face down, and slowly gets up to stand
a person stands up from laying down prone
a person swings their left hand forward then swipes with it.
he stirs with his left hand
a man lifts and bends his left arm in front of him, and rotates it clockwise in a stirring motion.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
the person is balancing facing forward.
the person is standing with both hands extend to the side and slightly swaying back and forth.
person may have been pointing forward.
a person raises and lowers right hand followed by left hand.
a person reaches their right arm forward, pauses, then lowers it; the person then reaches their left arm forward quickly and lets it swing down.
starting with their left foot a person walks quickly forward.
a person doing a fast walk forward
someone starts off doing a walk, and then stops
a person is doing a guitar playing motion with their arms then puts their hands down.
the man is strumming his guitar.
a person strums a guitar with his left hand.
the subject took a step back leading with the right leg in a clockwise semi-motion. it then put its hand out as if to shake hands to give a handshake putting the alternate hand on top of the first so shaking with both hands. the subject then pivoted their body towards the right taking another step while doing so in order to shake another hand, this time with just the one.
a man spins around counter-clockwise before shaking something with both hands. he then takes a step back and shakes something with just his left hand.
the person was shaking hands with someone.
walking straight forward towards a goal
walks curvy then to the right
the stick figure man walks foward calmly.
a man is holding both hands at eye level in a boxing motion while he advances to someone or something in a straight line.
a man is in motion
person is in a defensive posture moving horizontal sliding feet among the floor
a person dribbles a ball with one hand then the other and proceeds to shoot ball into goal with both hands.
a person, dribbles basketball from right hand to left hand, readies feet to shoot by aligning them, then grabs the ball with both hands and shoots using their right hand, stepping back with left foot slightly after landing.
a person dribbles a basketball then shoots it.
a man raises his right arm and lowers it repeatedly.
a figure stands feet shoulder distance apart with their right arm curling up and down slowly as if holding a weight
a person who seems to be lifting something with their right hand
a person hops up and down a couple times while swinging their arms back and forth
a figure takes a slight hop before swingin both arms toward its back
a person jumping up and down and waving their arms.
this person is bent forward and moving hands very quickly.
the man is pretending to be mouse i think
spinning hands in a circle while bending down.
a man squats deeply three times while raising both arms in the air as if holding a dumbell.
a person has both hands up and repeatedly squats down, bending at the knees.
person lifting dunbells with both hands
person is doing upper body stretches down to his toes.
a person bends over, twists, kneels down and then stands back up.
a man drops quickly into a crouch, then goes down onto his knees, before lifting back up into a crouch.
person slides forward diagonally with right leg.
a person takes a step to the right.
a person makes a step to the right.
the person walks straight backwards
individual appears to be taking steps to the rear.
a person walks backwards a couple steps with his arms by his side and then stays there.
a person appears to lift something but hurts arm and holds it.
he displace a middle chair
a person picks up an object and turns body to the left. then takes the object and puts down.
a person crosses their feet and kneels down at the same time.
a person sits down and gets back up.
a person attempts to sit cross legged but then stands up.
a person holding an item turns back, then left, then back, like he's been followed
stick person has arms up looks worred and paces around and near the end bends over
a prairie dog curiously looks around the room, waiting for something exciting.
a person steps up and right in one motion.
a person takes one step diagonally to the right.
a person steps towards the right while moving forward.
a man walks forward and then stops.
person walks forward and to the right
a man walks to the left and stops at the front.
a person stands still and slightly moves their left arm in a twitch then shakes their right arm as if loosening the muscles.
this person is standing still. they are showing any motion with their arms or feet.
an idividual is standing still in one place except for single movement of right arm.
a person holds their face while crying.
a person cries standing up.
a person stands up from the ground, crying like a child, blowing her nose and sobbing.
walking in a fast pace forward.
a person swings their arms forwards and backwards while running.
a man runs forward fast five paces and then stops.
a person throws with right hand and catches with both hands.
a person makes an over hand, right handed throw. makes a two handed catch in front of the face, then makes another right handed toss.
person is throwing a ball forward.
a person walks forward and slightly to the right
a person taking steps at an even pace forward.
the person is walking ahead.
the man walks then runs
a person jobs in a straight line then stops with both arms near his hips
person runs forward five steps then comes to a stop
person carefully takes two steps backwards.
person turns body slightly and moves backwards
a man cautiously take several steps backwards.
the person was laying  down and then they got up.
the man is laying down and get up
start in laying position, then get up.
a person is standing and bends down using their knees to place their knees on the ground, and then places their hands infront of their knees so they look like a dog.
a person gets down onto their hands and knees.
a person kneels then gets in crawling position.
a person leans forward while reaching to the left then the right.
the person leaned forward picking something up.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
bending at the elbow, someone raises their arm.
the person shrugged his left shoulder.
he lifts his left hand up
a person leans down to the left with his hand, then leans to the right
the man puts both hands down
slowly takes a step forward while reaching the right hand towards the ground then back up and vice versa with the left hand, meeting the right hand making a circle motions above.
a person bends slightly to their left and picks something up then turns slightly to their right and places it down.
a person is picking something from their left up, and placing it down to their right.
a person picking up a item and placing it to the right
a person swings their left arm in a circle forward, then swings it backwards in a circle.
person standing takes left arm and winds it five times forward stops and then winds left arm five times backwards using wide whole arm motions while the right arm is motionless
person is doing left arm circles fast
someone who is running on a treadmil.
a person is jogging at a decent/steady pace, with arms at full swing.
a man runs in place.
the person is standing there.
this person stands still then lifts his right foot.
a man leans forward slightly, stands on one foot, and kicks his other foot out behind him quickly
a person runs, does an action roll, then starts to run again.
a person leaping into a roll similar to a somersault, then taking off quickly after regaining stance.
a person rolls forward at pace.
a person quickly taking three steps down.
a person quickly walks forward and then stops.
a man walks 3 steps forward
the man rake a few steps and hops then finished walking in a circle.
a person walked my making a large circle
the person is walking around acting.
a person walks forward and spins one one foot then turns around and walks the other way
the walks forward then turns
the person takes two steps forward then pivots, swinging their right leg around, and continues walking.
a person kicks forward with his right leg twice, to the side twice, then kicks forward with his left leg twice.
a person frustratedly kicks their right leg twice forward, and then twice to the right hand side, they then kick their left leg twice forward.
the person is kicking with his right foot.
a person waddles side to side like a penguin.
a person standing still, stiffen up their body and wiggles side to side.
the person sways left and right several times.
person is standing drinking something.
figure facing forward lifts left arm to top.
a person shifts their weight from foot to foot while holding an object to their ear.
a person sprints suddenly to the right
he run side to side
a person moving forward climbs down the stairs.
a man climbs down the stairs holding the railing.
a person walks down stairs with their left hand on a rail.
a person walks directly across a room.
a person moves in a 90 degree arc clockwise.
a person is walking in a curve to the right.
a man sits down cross-legged and stands back up again.
a man bends down, contorting for a moment, before standing again.
a man sits down on the ground and then stands back up.
the person goes from a standing position to a crawl position where the palms and knees touch the ground.
a person gets down onto their hands and knees
a man gets down on all fours.
a red a blue stick figure takes even steps walking forward starting on the right foot.
a person walks forward and towards the left hand side.
the person is walking in a straight line.
the figure facing forward, starting with its left, walks four steps in the direction it is facing.
a person walks forward then stops.
the person is walking forward.
the person walks forward confidently
person crouches down and walks in a circle to start at the same spot starting from.
a person is crouched and walks around roughly in a counterclockwise motion.
a person, hunched over, moves in a clockwise circle
the person flaps his arms like a hummingbird
a figure stands with leg apart and slightly behind, slowly bends forward at the waist as he makes graceful flapping motions with his arms,
a man is flapping his arms and raising and lowering his chest.
the person took a diagonal step forward and then just stood still.
a person takes two diagonal steps forward and to the right, then leans forward, then leans to the right side.
a person walks forwards then stares down.
a person moves quickly forward with arms and legs outstretched to appear bigger.
the person was playing defense and went straight diagonally.
a man quickly moves forward in a diagonal line.
someone walks diagonally forward several steps.
person is taking a walk.
person walks diagonally on the screen
a person stretches arms over head.
the person is stretching, with their arms above their head.
a person places both of their hands behind of their head.
a person picks up an object and gently sets it on a shelf.
the stick figure is pretending to pick up and dump something out and place ot back down.
a person picks an object up with both hands and turns it over to inspect it for a little while. they then put it back the way they picked it up.
a person starts to jog slowly then begins slowing even more to a walk then a complete stop
a man who is running straight forward.
a person runs forward for a second and then slows to a walk continue the movement forward.
a person is warming up their pectoral muscles
a person stretching their arms
a man waves both arms.
a person standing up strikes their hands together well above their head.
a person stands on the spot and claps their hands in the air
a person raises both hands out to the sides above their head until both hands touch and then back down as if doing a jumping jack.
a person walks to the right and sat down with his fingers slightly up.
a person slowly sat on something
a person walks in a diagonal line to the right, takes a seated position, then crosses the left leg over the right.
a person raises and lowers their left forearm, like they are lifting a dumbbell.
a person lifts left arm up in the air, lowers it, then lifts arm again
he raised his bent his arm up twice.
a person casually walks backwards.
a man walks backwards with his hands down at his sides.
a person walks straight backwards.
a man seems to be walking forward and has a wide gait.
a person walks forward.
walked slowly forward then stopped. arms were swing as he walked
someone execures a roundhouse kick with their left foot.
hands in fighting position while the left foot kicks aggressively up and over.
a person stands right leg forward in a karate pose, leans forward and makes a high karate kick with their left leg and returns to the karate pose.
a person catches something and then throws it back with their right hand.
a man quickly steps forward before stepping back and then throws something.
a person catching something and throwing it back with their right hand
a man walks to the left with his arm raised, lowers it and then raises it again,
the man picke up something walks forward places it on a shelf then moves it.
man turns to the right raises right arm points lowers arm pauses then raises right arm again and points
a person standing in place lifts and waves with his right hand.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
the person is waving with their right hand .
the person lifts their right hand to their face in a drinking motion
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it.
a person claps his arms together then raises is left arm while standing.
a person lifts up right arm to shoulder height then puts it back down
a person uses their right hand to point forward.
a man sticks out his right arm straight in front of him.
a person is waving his left arm.
a person reaches upwards with their left hand like stretching before exercise.
a person, while standing, stretches left atm above their head
the person is wiping something off.
this person is bent over petting an animal.
person is wiping a table
person sprints forward three steps stops then sprints forward again
a person who came to a halt from running; started running again
person runs forward, pauses, then continues running.
a person steps forward and is pushed backward.
a man walks forward, walks backwards and then walks forward again.
a person taking steps forward and then being pushed back by someone
a person uses both hands to hold something, and then rings a doorbell.
a person holds something in both hands, walks forward and puts something away with his right hand
a person holding an object with both hands, moves strait a few steps and then pressing an object with his right hand. then proceeds to give the object
a man jumps twice with his arms relaxed at his sides.
person is jumping on the spot with their arms on their side
a person jumps on the spot twice.
a figure raises both its hands to chin level, in a boxing stance. the figure kicks forward with its left leg.
the person steps into a martial arts stance, kicks and thrusts its left leg forward, bring itself back into a martial arts stance.
a man is standing with feet lined up then steps out with right foot and kicks into the air with left foot while holding both hands above his face to guard.
a person walks in a clock wise circle then goes to the left a few steps and then goes to the right a few steps.
the person is walking around in a circle.
a person walks quickly in a figure of eight
a person raises his right hand above his shoulder and waves, then lowers his hand.
a person raises his right arm and waves for a few seconds before putting his right arm back down.
a person standing and waving with his right hand.
the person goes from a standing position, to a seated position with the end of the legs facing right.
a person shakingly goes to a sitting position.
a man sits down from standing.
a person is on his hands and knees, then gets to his feet, right foot first.
person on floor on push up position gets up
a man is on his hands and knees and then stands up.
a person running and then crawling before returning to a run.
person gets down on both knees and crawls froward before getting up
a person takes a step forward, gets down on his hands and knees, crawls forward, then stands upright again.
a person walks forward, leans over an object, then stands back up and walks backward.
a person bends his knees, steps forward, picks something up then steps back.
a person walks forward to a cooler then pulls out a beer
a person stomps their feet while waking forward.
person walks down stairs stumbling slightly.
a person stumbles forward for three steps and then stops.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person walks straight forward at moderate speed.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person with arms out to the side hops on one foot with left leg, then hops on one foot with right leg.
a person hops on one foot with their arms outstretched and then hops on the other foot.
a person hops using their leg on the left hand side and switches to hopping with the other leg. while they are hopping their hands are held out to their sides at about a 45 degree angle.
person quickly takes one step forward
a person pauses but then walks forward three steps.
the human is stepping forward abruptly
a person walks around in s shape.
the person walks in a figure of 8
a man walks in a line.
a person standing with feet wide apart lifts both arms outstretched to shoulder level.
a person sitting on a stool outstretches both arms directly to their sides
someone opens and closes their arms in a long time
a blind folded person walks around.
a person walks like a zombie confused throughout a room with their arms up going in different directions
a person walks around frantically with their arms out in front of them.
a person holds a large object and moves it in wide playful motions from their left to the right four times.
a man makes the motion of collecting two items in cradled arms, then sways with arms still cradled
person holds arms in front of them in a circle form, makes a scopping motion with them towards the left, then a scooping motion towards the right, then sways the arms in this circle form back and forth four times before making a scooping motion in the center
a person slowly decends a staircase.
a person slowly walks down stair one step at a time, alternating feet.
a person takes careful steps down invisible stairs
a person jogging in a circle then jogging straight and then to the right
a person runs, using short strides, first counterclockwise from 9 o'clock to 12 o'clock, then forward, and finally clockwise from 6 o'clock to 10 o'clock.
a man runs in a cirlcle.
a man hoists his right arm into the air
person uses right hand to throw an item
a person is playing tennis
a person slowly walked forward while balancing in left direction
a person walks like a zombie, stumbling in all directions
the person is walking like a monster.
a man moves his arms by his sides.
the man moves his arms in exercising motions.
a person is moving its left and right arm up and down from shoulder to side
a person leans to his right while balancing himself mainly with his right leg as his left leg is unsteady.
a person raises their left leg then sets it back down.
a person brushes something off in front of them with their left foot.
a person take two small sets to their right laterally.
a person jumps suddenly to the side.
a person stands still for a few seconds, then stumbles to their right.
a person walks diagonally to the left pauses with hand raised and then walks back.
a person standing walks to the left with right hand up, then puts right arm down and walks back.
a person walks forward, reaches with his right hand to shoulder height, drops the hand, waits a bit, reaches up again to takes something, and starts turning to walk back.
sitting down on the ground the left hand goes to the middle of the chest to the right side of the head, and then stands up to walk around.
a man is crouched down, using his hands to operate something in them. he then stands up, holding the object in front of, or off to the side of his head.
a person sitting on the ground begins a cell phone conversation, stands up and paces about during the conversation
the right arm aggressively extend out in front of the body and back, then steps back to release the right arm again with a kick from the right.
a man is punching and then throws a kick.
a man viciously throws left and right hooks and a jab. before transitioning into a spartan kick of epic magnitude to the solar plexus.
a person walks forward then stops.
a man walks forward before stopping.
he walks deliberately forward with his hands by his sides with very little motion.
a man walks around in a circle.
the man walks in a clockwise circle to the right.
a man walks in a counter clockwise complete racetrack shape
a person holds their right arm out on something to support them while sticking their right leg up to balance.
a person stands with their right arm out while moving their right leg.
a person has right arm straight to side, and is trying to kick something with right leg
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks up some stairs
a person walks up steep steps.
a person raises and lowers their arms out to their sides multiple times.
a person lifting both arms sideways, twice.
a standing figure with arms extended sideways, drops it's arms to it's sides twice, then leaves them extended.
a person crosses his right leg over and poses. then crosses his left leg over and poses.
a men cross his leg side by side
someone crosses their left foot over their right and then their right foot over the left.
the person is kneeling down on all fours to begin to crawl
person got down on his knees with his arms straight out holding himself up.
a man stands, lowers his left leg and hand  first and then kneels down.
a person slowly walks clockwise in a full circle
a person standing far right walks in a full circle clockwise
a person walks clock wise to form a circle.
the person waves with their right hand
person is waving using their right hand.
individual appears to be waving with right hand.
a person walks sideways to the left.
a person carefully walking/ stepping to their side.
a person is stepping to the left
a person walks forward a couple steps, turns to the right 90 degrees and walks forward, turns to the right 90 degrees and walks forward, turns to the right 90 degrees and walks forward before stopping.
a person walks to their right, walks to the back, and then walks to the right again.
a man takes two steps forward, then pivots on his left foot 180 degrees and takes 2 more steps forward
a man walks forward turns left.
someone walks in a circle, swiveling on one foot to change directions.
a person jogs in place and gradually picks up speed
a person runs in place in a very fast pace.
a person runs in place, picking up in speed over time.
a person takes off their t-shirt using their left arm.
a person zips up a sweater
a person is standing with arms at sides. takes left arm and runs it up chest pushing away at the end as if discarding something.
someone stomps their feet five times and then starts to walk balkwards.
a person walks down a ramp backwards, staring at their feet.
a person is walking in one place and then makes a few steps backwards.
person aims and throws a baseball
a pitcher winds up and throws the ball, and the ball quickly comes back to him; he catches it, and without haste, he throws it back again.
a person is throwing something with their right arm.
a man is sitting and puts his hands on his knees.
a person sitting down has both arms rest on legs leans back and looks around
the man squats and balances.
a man turns to his right and walks several steps and then turns around and walks back toward where he came.
a person walks to the left, then to the right, and then back to the center.
a person turns to his right, walks two steps, then turns to his left and walks five steps, and then turns right to return to the spot they started in.
a man touches his upper right arm with his left hand, then reaches the left hand forward, then touches his left hand to his right sholder and reaches the left hand forward again before lowering it to his left side.
a person is picking something up and moving it from one location to another.
a person seems to be counting something on the shelves
the person is walking around in a figure 8.
a man walks anticlockwise and then clockwise making a s shape.
a person walks in a s shape to the left.
a person raises and waves their right hand to get someone's attention.
a person waves their right arm above their head
a person waving at someone with his right hand.
a person enacting a mime with an invisible barrier in front of them touching with both hands
the person is moving things on with both hands on a shelf.
a person grabbed something and lean the hands on something
a person leans over to wipe down a table
robot start walking forward then start cleaning something with his left and then step back and stand
person moves forward slowly and lowers their right hand down in a clockwise position the person then returns and steps back
a person is sitting while raising their hand to their head.
a person is sitting down, with their right hand up to their face.
a man is crouching and moves his left arm up in the air.
a man turns from right to left back and forth, waving his arms in karate chop motions.
seems to be a person who has a repetitive job, like a box wrapper.
a person is waving around his arms.
a person steps forward, brings their left then right arms in front of them, steps back and bows down, touches their left hand by extending left arm to it and walks to the right
a figure walks forward and the put hands out in a driving motion
a man walks forward and lifts both arms to the front before stepping back and turning body to the side.
person stands with arms outstretched then walks diagonally two steps to their right and sits down on a chair
someone walking then sitting down in a chair.
a man starts off in an up right position with botg arms extended out by his sides, he then brings his arms down to his body and claps his hands together. after this he wals down amd to the left where he proceeds to sit on a seat
a figure crosses their arms at their chest, lowers both arms, then crosses them again.
the figure stats with arms cross before their arms uncross and dangle from the force of the on crossing and repeat those two motions ending with the arms by their sides.
a person with crossed arms lowers their arms, crosses them again and lowers them again.
a woman rotates her pelvis to pick up an item off the ground and place on a shelf.
the person reaches for something twice and places it on the floor
a person walking forward and stumbling for a moment before regaining their composure
person is  is walking then maybe almost lost balance.
a person is walking heel to toe, then stumbles slightly before catching themselves.
a person puts his hands together.
a person washes their hands then steps back and is dizzy.
a person rubbing with their hands together, then lets it go and backs up.
a person raised his both hands, while standing and after he stand on his knee
someone steps their left foot forward, placing a hand on thr floor before going onto their knees.
a standing person spreads both arms wide, then kneels down bracing with their left hand on the floor.
a person is walking on uneven terrain.
man starts walking to the right he steps up then step down and turn to the left then start walking.
a person walks to the left, turns, climbs over uneven terrain, walks a bit farther, then turns right.
a man shakes his upper body with his hands close to his chest and extends them by his hips as he looks forward.
a man starts bouncing arms and legs in a rhytmic fashion.
a person is groving along to something, then makes a hulk pose and then moves both arms to the left.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a person jumps while moving their legs in and out while also moving their arms up and down
person does a variant of jumping jacks
a man walks forward before stopping.
person walks down a flight of stairs
the person is walking down the stairs.
a person raises right arm.
a person extending their arm to direct attention to something ahead.
he pretends to pet animal
a man walks forward with arms stretched out to the sides as if on a tightrope.
a person carefully walks forward, placing one foot in front of the other, with their arms out, as if trying to keep their balance.
someone walks a straight line, balancing with their arms held outward.
a person raises their left arm in front of them.
someone lifts their left arm up to sniff their armpit, then lowers their arm.
someone raises their left arm above their head and cocks their head to the left.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person walks backwards methodically.
a person walks slowly backwards and stops.
person is moving items on a shelf
the person is preparing to take a shower turning the water on with his right hand.
a person puts things on a shelf and takes things off of them.
a person does a short jump
person does a small jump
a person taking a tiny hop.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks forward slowly, then stops.
a person walks downward casually in a straight line and stops.
person kicks out with their right foot, but stays standing in place. person seems both frustrated and dejected.
a person stands in place and kicks with their right foot.
the person kicks something with his foot.
a figure walks forward slowly and clasps its hands together
a person walks forward and holds their hands together in front of them.
person is walking forward slowly
someone grabs something observes it and drops it
a person raises both arms in front of his/her face, as though peering through binoculars, then drops arms back to his/her sides.
from a standing position, the person raises their arms to hold someting in both hands, turing at the waist from right to left, before lowering their arms
a person walks to the right makes a u-turn clockwise and returns to the left of their initial position facing away
a person takes two steps forward leading with their left foot rotates on their right foot 180 degrees and takes two steps back.
a man walks foward ,makes a u turn on his right side and goes back.
a man slowly walks forward and then stops.
person walks forward five steps carefully and slowly
he walks forward gingerly and stops.
figure stumbles, arms raise, pushes forward to hell with it.
a person raises both arms up and throws them down.
a man stands up straight, then lifts both arms up over his head and bats them forward in a tired manner.
a man is going from a crouched position to lying down
a man sits down. he stretches his legs out in front of him then lies down.
person is getting to lying down.
a man is riding a motorcycle.
a man rides a motorcycle, and does not move very much at all.
a man is holding up both their arm.
a person is scrubbing a window
a man shakes his right arm and then puts something down.
person rotates hand in air lots of times then brings hand to right hip
the person bends down to pick up something then walks to pick something else up then stirs something
a person leans over,grabs something, and does the same with his other hand.
a person reaches down to their right and picks something up with their right hand before walking to the left, puts something down with their left hand and then uses their right hand to wipe something.
a stick figure person raises both palms up and rotates them in opposite directions quickly while shaking his hands back and forth, all while wiggling the hips a bit.
a person puts their hands out and jiggles in place.
the person is standing up. they raise their hands up with fingers spread like jazz hands. hands and hips move back and forth like it is dancing.
a man raises his right arm and the lowers it and raises his left.
a person waves with his right hand and then his left hand.
a person stretches their elbows while warming up.
a man stands still and then takes a step forward.
the man pauses then stumbles forward 2 steps.
he takes two awkward steps forward.
the person sits down then stands back up
a person crosses their ankles then gets down on the ground and stands back up
a man squats down looks side to side and then stands back up
a person uses right hand to touch floor in different places.
a person patting the ground with knuckles, feeling the grounds texture.
person scopped something up then puti t down.
the person is drinking something.
person steps forward to an elevated surface, picks up a container, raises it up and takes drink, and then returns the container to the surface.
a person picks up a glass and drinks
a person turns and walks back slightly to sit on a chair, waits a moment, then gets up and returns to the starting position.
teh man steps backward and sits then stand and takes a few steps forward.
a person walks backwards and sits down, then stands up and walks forward.
a person lifts both his hands sideways while squating.
a person is sitting down with their hands at the knees and then raises around up to shoulder length.
a man raises and lowers his arms in a crouching position.
the man is doing push recovery stand
person was pushed on the left but did not fall down.
a person tripped to the left side.
person crosses their arms so hands are touching or close to elbows then scratches opposite arms with opposite hands.
while standing his arms go folding into the chest and out.
someone is standing, crosses their arms, and then returns their arms to their sides.
the person is standing and puts hands together. the person raises both arms overhead with hands together. the person then brings both arms back down to starting posistion.
a person stretches their arms upwards
the person lifts both arms above their head
a person jumps forward and kicks out with their right foot.
he does a jump kick
a person runs and does a jumping kick.
a persons claps with their hands
a person claps their hands
a person claps twelve times with their hands held chest-height.
a man walks around in a circle clockwise.
a person walks in a circle to the right.
someone is walking around in circle's
a person is kneeling down to sit on their knees.
person uses left hand on the ground to balance then goes onto both knees
a man kneels down from a standing position.
he is limping his leg hurts
the man empties the bag of fertilizer on the ground
a perpsn appears to be making hand signals. like cheering then stopping. like at a sporting event
a person standing up uses their right hand to throw something then uses both hands to hold something above their right shoulder.
a man swats at something then protects his face with both hands.
a person leans forward and raises his arms above his head. then walks backwards.
he holds something then stops
the man flapses arms like a bird
a person is walking forward and then has a misstep.
a person pacing hastily.
person is walking up something.
the figure is continously walking while his arms are swinging in rhythm with the opposite leg
a person walks slowly and consistently on the spot
a man is walking forward at a moderate pace with both arms gently swinging by his side.
stick figure squats then jumps forward.
a person jumps forward with both legs.
a person bends over and does a standing jump forward.
person squats down repeatedly with arms raised up to hold weights.
a man is holding a weight bar above his head with both hands and proceeds to do 3 squats by bending his knees into a squatting position.
person with weights on their hands, descends by flexing and stretching their legs
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
a person walking and then taking a turn to their left
a person is walking around the bend  to the left.
a person is jogging on a treadmill
a person is jogging on a treadmill.
the person is jogging on the treadmill.
a person is standing up putting their hands towards their face
a person does a mid squat looks around and gets up.
a person raises his hands, squats, and leans to the right.
he jumps up then stop
a person jumped once in same place.
a person jumps into the air.
a person starts a fight and shoves their opponent.
steps back with right foot, then swings forward to the right swinging right arm forward, then moves back and to the left and lunges forward with both arms, then walks backwards to the right
a person steps back and punches, steps forward and pushes, then steps back.
a person gestures picking something up then putting it down.
a person picks up an object from the left and moves it to the right.
a person picks something up and drops it.
the man runs backwards then stops.
a man quickly runs backwards.
a man doing running drills.
a person walks to their left for 10 steps and then turns around.
this person walks left then turns to walk back to the right.
someone is walking casually forward.
a person walks forward and steps over something before continuing to walk.
a person walks forward and steps over something
a person takes a step forward, wipes their hand back and forth, then raises it higher.
a person steps forward, swatting something flying near him away, then steps back.
robot walk forward and then moved right hand in the horizontally and vertically and moved backwards.
a person running around in circles
the person is jogging in a circle.
the person runs in a counterclockwise circle twice.
this person with shoulders raised slowly walks from left to right.
the person is walking with her head down because they are shy.
a person walks very shyly.
a man swings a golf putter.
a person hits a chip-shot golf swing.
person goes side on both hands together and arms extended and thrusts hands forward
a person lays down on the ground with their hands placed forward and their elbows bent
a man lies down with his toes and hands touching the ground.
a man lays in a push-up position, his weight on his hands and feet.
a person casually struts in a clockwise oval almost back to their original position, swinging their arms lightly at their side as they walk.
this person walks in a counterclockwise direction.
a man is walking around in a circle.
a person kicks their left leg forward one time.
the person is doing a dance with his left foot.
a person kicks the air with his left foot.
a figure standing walks forward right foot first then left then right then left then right before coming to a standstill
person walked straight from one side to the next.
a person walks straight ahead then stops.
a person kicks low with left foot followed by right foot.
a person kicks something with both legs in succession.
he swings left foot forward and then right foot forward
a person is walking on a treadmill.
a person is walking forward.
the person is walking in place.
a person raising both his hands.
from a standing position the person raises their arms to chest height with their elbows bent and hands angled to mimick animal paws, and then turns at the waist from righ to left
a person looks left and right with binoculars.
a man is standing and holds his left hand out to receive or offer something.
a person raises lafy hand, turns it then puts it down.
a man stands and only slightly moves his left hand.
a person walks and steps over something.
a man walks forward and then steps over an object.
a man walks and steps onto an elevated area before walking off of it.
a person walks forward, backward, and forward again.
a man walkinds in a clockwise circle motion.
person walks forward, then walks backwards, then walks in zig zag pattern
the person is walking forward then turning around.
a person walking a few steps, and then swinging around using his right leg for support.
a person walks two steps forward turns and walks back to beginning
a person walking side then back words then back up around.
a person walks backward and then forward in a counter-clockwise motion.
person walks backwards while swinging arms freely then loops to come around ford
a person walking forward while balancing on a narrow platform.
a person walks forward with both hands in the air as in a celebratory fashion.
a person raises their hands while walking forward.
a person jumps up twice
a person jumps up twice while in a stationary, standing position.
a person hops up in place three times.
a person kicks with their left leg 4 times while their hands are in front of their face.
the person is doing a front kick.
a man stands straight up and holds up his hands in a fighting stance and kicks up his left leg in front of him then lets it fall back down to the ground 4 times.
a person crosses arms in front of body and then moves them back to his sides.
the man crosses his arms then throws then behind him.
the person is standing straight up and crosses both arms together at the forearms for a few second then returns back with arms to the side.
a person steps side to side to the left.
stick an took one step to the left.
a man takes a step to the left.
a person walks forward, turns 180-degrees in a clockwise direction then walks back to where they started.
the person is walking and turns around swiftly .
a person walks forward, then turns back around to the right and walks back towards the original position.
the hands go to the chest, then the right hand winds up in a circle motions before a throw, moving the body forward.
a person clasp their hands together then flails their arms in a throwing motion.
person is throwing something i think.
a person squats and quickly moves forward diagonally
a person charges forward in a crouched position.
a person quickly runs in a crouched position with a wide stance and arms extended.
a man raises both arms out in front of him, lowers his arms, and then raises both arms out to each side.
a person stands still, then puts arms straight out in front of them, and then they return their arms to their side.
a person raises arms in front and then out to the side
the person is walking forward.
a person takes a step forward
a person steps over something.
a man takes small jumps while throwing his arms up towards his head in a star motion.
a figure jumps, spreading his legs and arms apart simultaneously in a jumping jack
person jumping legs wide hands up legs together hands down
the man drops one arm then raises it again.
a person squats with arms out while lowering the left arm, holding it there, and then raising it back up to starting position.
he is squatting a little and he lowers one arm then raises it again.
a person turns to the left, then looks at left wrist.
person standing to the side and checking his or her watch.
a person steps foreward and to their right, then turns to face their left
a person lifts a dumbbell with his right hand.
a person stands in a lunge and bends their left arm at the elbow
a person lifts a weight with right arm.
a person walks forward quickly
the person walked four steps forward and a straight line.
a man stands on the grounds , moves fowards and then stops.
someone skates forward, stepping left and right before stopping at an angle from their starting position.
person goes left right left right in zigg zagg motion  four times from top right position to bottom left position then stands still
a person carefully hops from point to point
a person stands in place and looks as if he is holding something as he uses his right hand to toss it.
a man appears to be holding a ball in both hands in front of his body, then throws it with his right arm.
someone holds hands together and then bends left arm, trying to throw something.
a person walks to their left then walks to their right and then turns again to end up where they started.
a person walks to their left three steps, turns around, walks 5 steps, turns around and walks back to where they started.
a person paces back and forth as if they are  waiting for something
person walks forward picks up speed for a second and then slows back to walking speed.
a person walks forward and then is pushed causing them to walk faster, then they stop walking and stand in one place.
a person walks forward and comes to a stop.
person tosses an object up and to the left, then walks backwards to the left. then, person walks forward and tosses object to the right.
person is throwing a ball in various ways
a man jumps and throws an object.
person faces forward walks forward swings  right left in a circular motion turning back and walking to starting position
a man walks forward and swings out his right leg as he turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back to where they came from.
a person is using his left arm moving it up and down leaving his elbow still.
he does a robot dance
a person raises and lowers their left hand.
a person dancing to a fast pace music.
a person walks forward, then dances backwards and then begins a spin in a clockwise direction with arms raising
a person steps forward and starts passionately salsa dancing.
a man slowly walks forward.
person is walking straight ahead
a person walks forward.
a man does a cartwheel, turns around and walks away.
person takes a few steps forward and then a cartwheel and walks back towards the left side diagnolly
a person jumps and does cartwheel and walks back.
sitting down in place.
a person sits down and adjusts their sitting position.
a person sitting down and trying to re-adjust the chair
the person drags their injured right leg
a person stumbles to their left twice as something injures their right leg suddenly
a person feels pain in their right leg and doubles over
a person waves their right hand.
a person waves towards the camera with the left hand
a person waves their right arm
person looks for something on the ground with right hand.
a person is hunched over and touching the floor.
a person is searching for something on the ground with their right hand.
a person walks in place with their arms swinging at their side.
the person is walking on a trendmil.
a person walks forward smoothly.
this person strolls down the lane and then does a full 180 and walks back to almost the beginning.
the person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
walking in a diagonal line then back.
a man raises and lowers his arms repeatedly.
a person lifting dumbbell over his head.
a person lifts dumbell above head with both arms.
the person appears to be picking something up, rotating it, and then putting it back down
a person picks something up, tilts it, then places it back.
the person leans over and lifts something with both hands. he seems to turn the package over to check the side before putting it back
a person checking for the time on his watch.
a standing person moves their left arm horizontally in front of their chest and then drops the arm back to their side.
a person is standing, raising one arm to chest level, looking at the wrist, then placing the arm back down.
a person walks forward and makes a left turn.
a man walks downward then turns right to keep on walking.
the man moves his arms
a man crosses his arms in front of them self, then crosses himself and then extends his arms out at the shoulders.
the person was facing forward and put his arms down by his side.
a person who is standing throws five punches in different directions with his right hand and follows that with two punches with his left hand.
a man bounces on the balls of his feet, repeatedly punching with his right arm, then throws a few punches with his left arm.
the person is doing a right hook and a right punch.
the person bats their arms forward, walks forward, then backwards
a person jabs and punches at the space in front of them. they then walk forward a couple steps and then back the same amount. it looks like they are warming up for a fight
a person appears to be boxing the air and then walks forward and back,.
a figure sits down and rises up.
a seated person uncrosses their legs, stands from the chair, sits in the chair and then rises from the chair.
a person while sitting in a chair uncrosses its legs, gets up, sits back down, gets back up.
the man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and then he jogs in place.  taking turns raising his feet one at a time and lifting his arms one at a time.  he then stops and is in the same position which he started.
a person jogs in place.
the person is jogging in place.
a person claps six times.
a person facing forward raises their hands in front of their chest and claps
a person claps hands together.
a person jumps in place while flinging their arms and leg out and in.
person does 3 jumps with legs wide arms up legs together arms down and at the end of video does the last smaller jump with arms not all the way up
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is happy while dancing with the baby
person is shaking in an excited way
a person slightly bounces left and right while holding their hands together in front of them.
a person goes from standing to sitting cross legged with the right leg in front then returns to a standing position.
a man sits down and the gets back up.
a person siting down using both sides of their body then standing up using their right side and face to their right.
a person puts their hands above their head and wiggles around.
a person is pretending to fly around
the person is acting like a human snake.
person walks anti clockwise   from back to front
a person walks forward and then to his left and then stops.
a man walks forward and then off to the left before stopping.
a person appears to be writing something on a wall.
a person stands and uses their right hand to perform an action at eye level from left to right.
person stands in place and writes on a board from their left to right.
a person walks normally and comes to a stop.
the figure starts looking straight at the viewer, it then turns right and walks in that direction.
a person walks to the left.
the person kicks something with their right foot.
a person swings their right foot forward, kicking at something.
a person take one step forward, kicks their red foot, then takes one step back.
the person is trying to talk with his hands.
person makes motions like hit bongos.
a person moves his right and left arm in the air.
a person jumps up and down waving their arms around, in a circle.
a person is jumping and dancing in a circle.
a figure seems to be tapdancing or celebrating
a person, in a fighting pose, backs up, then punches while moving forward, before backing up and kicking.
walking to the side and punching hands.
he is moving back and forth while practicing his kick boxing.
a man takes steps from left to right
a person walks forward while making a turn to their right.
figure walks forward and to the left walking in a circular motion
a person tilts over then stand up shifting both hands to the right.
a person lifts something in front of him from waist height using both hands, then turns his torso to the right and places it on a shelf to his right.
a person picks up an object in front of them, brings it upright, then puts it back down.
a person walks forward, turns right, steps onto and over an object, steps onto another object, turns right, and then steps up onto a higher object.
the person is walking around.
he walks on a unevain train
a person who seems to be working out with 2 dumbbells
a person bends both arms at the elbow repeatedly
the man lifts something with both hands.
a man jumps and spins around in the air.
a person doing a jumping spin in a counter clockwise motion 180 degrees
he uses his hands to help him jump and turn around in place.
the person is praying with buddhism religion.
a person raised the both hands and made some jesture
a person holds both hands together in front of the face and wobble slightly from side to side and sometimes forward.
a person jumps over something.
a standing person jumps forward with both feet, lightly landing on both feet.
a person hopes forward once.
a person points forward with their right hand.
a person reaches forward with their right arm
a person rings doorbell with right hand.
the person takes a few steps back and raises their right hand, then moves forward and lifts their left hand up defensively.
a man jumps back and forth, as if startled by something.
a person walks backwards the places their left hand on their right shoulder.
a person is side stepping
a person slowly moving to the right direction and after moving t left direction
the man moves to his right then to his left
a man gestures with both hands in a manner that is defusing.
a person is standing then raises arms.
a person raises their arms to the front at shoulder level, then lowers them.
a person walking a counter clockwise motion
a man walking making a circle on the floor and stops just before the completion
a person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in an anti clockwise fashion
a person lowers their hands and then walks in a circle and then away from the front.
person is walking around in one circle.
a person bends at the waist, picks something up, then puts it down at waist level
this man bends down to pick up a box or ball, and then puts it on a shelf, which is on his chest level.
the body bends over to touch the toes and stands back up pushing the arms forward.
a person takes a step forward, turns directly around, and takes a step forwards again, returning to the original spot.
a person walks back and forth
person is walking forward then back.
a person jogs in place for a moment, stops, then turns to their right and jogs in a clockwise ellipse returning to the point they started from.
a person jogs in place. they then jog right, then left, before returning to a standing motion.
a person skipping for few seconds, than starts running left and right
a person lifts weight with both arms and bends legs.
a man, while lifting something, attempts to do two squats parallel to the ground.
a person lifting weights or squatting
a person is jumping small jumps.
a person jumps in the air multiple times
someone opens their stance to the right, starts jumping, and then returns to original spot.
a person backs up a few steps.
a man quickly walks backwards.
person standing takes two steps backward
a person holds his hands together and  moves his arms as if he is swinging a baseball bat.
the person holds both hands together and swings arms away from them twice, like swinging a baseball bat
a figure swings a bat right handed by gripping with both hands, pulling arms to right shoulder then turning quickly to left extending arms out.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person standing still is pushed forwards and then regains balance in two steps.
a person walks forward quickly then stops.
a person standing and dancing
a person sways from side to side, shaking their hands and legs, as if they were dancing or happy
a person shakes their legs and arms
a person drops something off, waves goodbye, turns around, and walks away.
a person moves from side to side.  then the person turns around and walks away.
a man is holding a box and hands it off then accepts money with right hand and waves with left hand.
a person jumps forward and lands on both feet.
a person takes a big jump forward.
a person jumping forward with great effort.
the person is jogging back and forth.
person runs right to left twice then to left and moves standing still in middle facing forward
a person jogs back and forth once then walks back to the start
a man walks part way down steps and stops.
a mam walks forward slowly in a manner.
a man walks forward before coming to a stop.
a person stretch its arms
a person laces fingers, turns them outward and stretches arms forward, and then raises them overhead while still clasped.the person then lets their arms fall to their sides.
a person is stretching by raising their arms above their head and back down.
a person stretching out by lunging to their right
a man lunges back and forth.
person stands feet side on shoulder length apart then rocks back and fourth using knees bent
a person sits down, stands up, and jumps in place.
the person jumps up from  indian style sitting position onto two feet standing position. then the person leaps once.
a man sits down and then stand back up.
a person walks forward shortly.
a person walks forward slowly and comes to a stop.
a person walks forward with their hand by their sides.
person is throwing something.
robot is swinging his left hand
a person lifts something with their left arm
a person turns a half circle counter clockwise and moves arms in a sweep motion from left to right while crouching down a little bit.
a person turns sideways and waves his hands in an athletic stance.
a person makes a quarter turn counter clockwise while moving left arm repeatedly in a swinging motion.
the person is throwing something.
a person prepares to and throws a right hand baseball.
a person walking backwards and then moving forwards to throw or hit an object
walking forward and then moving hands.
a person walks forward, then puts his right hand out three times
a person walks up a little then reaches their right arm out a bit to grab something. then the person reaches their right arm out a bit to grab something a little higher, lastly the person reaches their arm out a bit to grab one more thing.
a man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and his arms by his side.  he then begins to wave both hands over his head.  the hands meet above his head and then extend out to his side parallel to the ground.  he waves in this manner several times.
a person waves hands over their head.
a person waves back and forth with both arms overhead.
a person skips left and right briskly.
run sideways to left than run sideways to right.
starting with their right foot, a person sidesteps fast back and forth.
a person shivers with their arms, then cuts wood, and finally makes a swimming motion.
the person wants to go on a vacation.
a person appears to be describing a story with a series of enthusiastic hand motions.
a person walks forward and whisks eggs.
a person steps toward a surface and mixes something with the left hand, then sets item to the left.
a person walks forward and extends both hands, mixing something with their left hand before stepping back.
a person raises their arms and makes a motion as playing a violin with their left arm.
a person raises their hands as if they are playing an instrument.
a man holds an object with his right hand and then strums object with left hand.
the person is walking backwards straight and then back again.
a man walks backwards, turns around and walks backwards again in a counterclockwise circle.
person is walking backwards randomly in a circle
a man runs forward without stopping.
a person runs forward at a medium pace with their arms held out from their sides.
a person runs forward in a straight line
the person is running forward and then turning around and looking around and running back.
a person runs then turns around runs back grabbing their head.
a person crouches then runs forward at a diagnal. a person stops, about faces, and crouches before running back toward starting point with arms raising above head.
a person does motions to stretch out his back
character raises hand above head, twists to the right and left , and proceeds to stretch their back.
raising hands and turning side to side.
a person walks forward and dances.
a man swiftly kicks up his right leg.
a person coming forward while performing a dance routine.
a person walks forward while holding out their arms for balance
a person walks forward in a straight line with arms spread open
a person walks along a fixed line using his arms for balance.
a person is cleaning a window
a person raises their hand to their ear.
a figure performs a lifting motion with its left arm, leaning slightly
a person walks in a s shaped line.
a person is walking in a figure of eight
the person starts to walk to the right then turns left in a zig zag motion
the person swings both arms, squats, and jumps while turning 45 degrees to his left before landing.
the person jumps forward and swings their arms
a person swings their arms and then jumps up and to the side.
a man swings his right arm back repeatedly.
a person reaches down with his right hand and twists his wrists left and right.
a person does a repeated small action with their right hand, with a slight lean forward.
a person has a phone in their left hand and dials a number with their right.
a person picks up a phone with left and makes a call.
someone types on a device in their left hand.
a person claps their hands in front of them.
person raises hands to claping  together five times
the man is clapping using both hands
a person hops in place twice.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person jumps up and down.
a person takes a big step forward
one step forward to the left.
he cautiously steps over something.
the figure shambles from side to side, only ever moving in quarter circle motions.
man turns upper torso and head back to look behind him
a person doing a dance routine including stepping forward and looking backwards.
a person starts walking clockwise then counterclockwise in a partial figure eight.
the person is walking forward in the z shape.
a person walks in the shape of an s, turning to the right first and then to the left.
a person walking forward in a average pace.
starting with right foot, then walking four steps
a person walks forward at normal pace.
moving arms towards chest then in a circular motion.
person with hands close together rocks then back and forth as if gripping a steering wheel
a person who is seated in the drivers seat places his hands on the steering wheel, turns the wheel gently from right to left and right to left again before reaching to the right to adjust the clutch and resumes steering.
a man jumps backward with his hands at his sides.
a man jumps backwards in a straight line and lands on his feet.
a person jumps backwards onto an object.
a person steps into the shallow end of a pool.
cautiously steps down to the side as one would over a puddle by a curb.
a person steps to the side with their left foot.
a man steps forward and does a handstand.
he does a hand stand, holds it a few seconds then stands back up.
a person steps forward and does a handstand, then returns to a standing position.
the person is walking and weaving, then turns partially and stops.
a person walking in a clockwise half circle then anti-clockwise half circle, in a motion of a tilde
a person walks forward in the shape of an s
the man is standing still covering his mouth with his hand
a man stands straight and raises right arm toward his face.
the person puts his right hand to his head.
person walked forwards and backwards very slowly.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a figure stumbles along a path criss crossing their feet.
a person is walking down a path moving slight going towards the left side.
a person walks forward, balancing themself on their toes.
someone seems to be coming down the stairs
a person stands hips slouched, then turns on an angle, counterclockwise, then turns again counterclockwise.
a person stands contrapoint, and shifts to face away after a few seconds.
a person stands and turns with one hip out.
a person side stepping to the left then to the right while facing forward
a man side steps to his right and then towards his left.
the person is walking sideways to the right.
a person is opening a bottle and drinking from that
a person grabbed something and lean the right hand near to face
the person fills the glass with juice and drinks it
the person is jogging fast in place.
jogs in place, walks backwards, and walks forward on the knees.
a person is running in place then walks backwards.
a person cautiously walks, turns around counter-clockwise walks a bit, turns clockwise, and then raises their arms
a man walks forward, using support beams to balance.
a person walking slowly holding support .
a person starts off in a t pose position but then they start to warm up their arms by doing arm circles
a man does two arm circles
a person lowers their arms down by their sides, then makes butterfly stroke swimming motions.
a person does a cartwheel.
a person is doing cartwheels.
person raising both hands and arms, and slightly jumping up and down
a man has both of his arms raised in the air.
person has arms shoulder height and does a slight bounce  on both legs shoulder length apart
a person who is lifting right and left arms.
the person have his arms out to the side then put his hand in front of him like he was looking at his watch.
the man is moving his arms
a man walks in a figure eight formation.
the stick figure walks in an almost number eight shape.
the person quickly walk in a figure-8, then abruptly stops and faces the 8.
person is dancing or shaking leg.
person reaches up and leg twitches
a person starts by raising both their left and right arm, with their enitre body including their arms swaying to the right slightly. their left knee then flares out to the left. both arms and the left leg return to a neutral position.
person is standing up moving objects.
a person allears to move an object from left to right.
the person picks something up and puts it to their right
someone appears to be stretching they turn their upper body in a counter clockwise direction and then leans upper body from side to side
a person turns with their arms to stretch.
a person is stretching side to side and back about to lean forward.
a person claps, walks forward and then sits down.
a person claps their hands once, then takes 3 steps foward, then sits on something to their right
a person walks diagonally to his right and sits down.
a man slowly takes two steps forward, then stumbles.
a person is pushed forward and recovers.
a person walks forward and stumbles as he/she reach the end.
a person side steps to the left then the right.
a person sidesteps to the right, then left, then right again.
person moves steps to their left then a few steps to their right and then a few more steps to their left
robot on his keens, stretching his arms then stands up and move backwards.
person is getting up.
the person gets up from being on his knees with his arms out at his size into a standing position.
a person holds something up to their face with one hand, and then with both hands.
lowering hands then raising hands towards face.
the person grabs cheeseburger and starts eating
a person leans right diagonal, with right leg out and right arm out
a man makes three forward lunges while moving his right hand, first in front then to shoulder level.
a man lunges forward with his right foot while moving his right arm back and forth.
a man walks forward, then lifts his legs to step up on something.
a person walks forward and climbs up stairs on the right side from the perspective of the person (on the left side from the perspective of the viewer).
a person takes four steps forward, then walks up three stairs, stopping on the third step with both feet.
a person is slightly crouched and then raises their arms
a man stands on the ground with his arms lowered and then streches them wide apart.
a person stretches both of their arms out to the side.
this person walks forward turns right to walk back.
a person takes several smooth steps forward before turning to their left and walking back to the start point
person walks forward and takes a few steps and then turns around and takes more steps then stops.
a person raises their arms to their chest as if lifting dumbbells.
a man moves his arms in front of him and then to the side.
a person who seems to be warming up their pectoral muscles
a person crawls on all fours, then turns around counter clockwise and crawls back again, then they stand up and face right.
a person is crawling on all fours, then gets up.
a person crawls forward then back, standing up in the end.
a person raises their right hand, to possibly put something in their mouth, then raising the left hand as if to wipe sweat from their brow.
the person points to the sky with their left hand
a person make a motion opening opening a bottle in their left hand, then proceeds to make a motion like they are drinking from the bottle.
a man walks forward, picks an object up with his right hand, brings it to his face then puts it back down.
a person steps forward and reaches their right arm out and reaches the same arm up towards their face, tilting their head back as if drinking a beverage.
a person is drinking from a glass
a person walks sadly towards the screen then pivots and walks back to the top.
a person slowly walked forward and returned and after stopped
a person walks forward with some difficulty turns around and walks backward then at that position turns to their right.
a man puts his right arm out in front of him then brings it back down repeats with left hand then brings right arm out to his right side.
a person lifts right arm and then left arm and then right arm.
a person raises their right arm to the front, then their left arm to the front, then their right arm out to the side.
a man jumps once using their entire body to gain height.
person jumps up once  raising arms above head taking swinging both arms from the rear
a man is jumping up
it looks like he is lifting a box on a shelf and grabbing another box to put on shelf as well.
a person uses both of their hands to pick up an object above head level, then crouches to put it down, then stands up straight.
a person lifts something above their head, and then places it on the ground.
a person falls backward, resting their back against an object and then stretches their legs out.
a man sits on the floor and extends his legs.
a standing person squats down and sits, then raises their legs and relaxes.
a person slowly walks a line that curves to the left.
a person walks to his left and stops.
a person walks slightly right and walks forward.
a person walks to the right, and then keeps going to a slight left.
a person attempts to avoid colliding into another person by swiftly moving to his right and then moving back to his left as he continues walking.
someone walks forward briskly and casually.
someone holds position for 4 seconds and then walks forward.
a person walk forward slowly
a person picks up their right leg and hops on their left foot 4 times, before jumping to their right leg, and hopping on the right foot 4 times.
a man hops on his left leg, then switches over to his right leg and hops.
the figure hops on its left foot four times, then on its right foot four times.
a person is jogging in place.
the man starts to jog.
a man is running in place.
a person crosses their arms and then release them to their side.
person folded arms across chest area
a person lifts both arms up from their sides and lifts them up to their chest. the person crosses their arms then releases their arms lowering them back to their side.
the person walks backwards while looking right to left.
the person takes steps back
a person walks slowly backward.
this person walks carefully in a circle.
a person slowly walking doing the large circle
a figure walks forward and to the right then continues walking in a circle
a person points around with their right hand.
this person waves as if to salute with his right hand.
from start of standing back straight up legs symetrical hand in wave form by head. action he moves his hand outward in a waving morion while staggering backwards 2 steps then pivot catch left foot steps forward posting chest out charismatically. ends with hands on hipposed as if hes looking out to a distance.
right hand circular motion medium speed
a person is cleaning an object with his right hand and then raises both his hands.
figure turns hands then moves arms upwards.
a person walks in a diagonal direction.
a man  while stepping forward, he takes a  long step over something.
person with right foot leading does five  steps from back centre to right side front
a man punches both of his arms.
a man standing with elbows bent, reaches slightly out to something with his left arm and then his right.
person punches left hand forward then left hand forward
a person stands still and gives basketball signals.
a person makes a rolling motion with his hands, then proceeds to pat something down with both hands.
a person rolls arms around one another, stops then pats downward alternately with his hands.
a person walks in a circle
the person walks around the room in a clockwise motion.
person walks clockwise in an oval.
a person walks backwards slowly
a person walks backwards carefully, lifting their feet high to not trip.
a man wipes his feet and then slowly walks backward.
a person walks straight forward
a person slowly walks forwards.
a person walks forward in a slow but steady motion
a person waves with their right hand.
a person stand in place waving with left hand
a person is waving their left hand while the right hand rests at their side.
a man uses his left hand in front of his body to make a counterclockwise circle motion.
a person is stirring something in front of them.
a person uses left hand to stir.
a person picks something up or places something down.
a man picks something up off the grond with his right hand.
a person puts a golf ball on a tee.
a person walks backward, runs forward, and walks backward again.
a person walks backward and runs forward then walks backward again.
a person quickly walks backwards, then jogs forwards before stopping and walking backwards to their original position.
he walks forward directly stops
walking forward while making a quarter left turn
a person walking confidently, then looking down.
a person walks at normal pace.
a person is walking in place.
a person walks in place.
the person is throwing something.
a person uses their right hand to punch something, with both of their hands up
a person is boxing, punching first with their right hand, then their left.
picking something off the ground and walking off
person walks down a given path, bends at the knees, stoops to pick something up, places an invisible thing to the side, and the gets up, turns clockwise around, and walks back the way it came.
a person walks forward picks up a light object and places it on a low object next to it then walks back.
a man rubs his hands together.
a person is clapping quickly.
person brings hands together then claps
a man raises his right arm the lowers it.
persons takes a beverage and drinks it with right hand
he raises his right hand to his head and then puts it down.
the person walks sideways and hops.
a person sidesteps to the left, jumps in place, and then side steps back to the right.
a person sidesteps to their right, then jumps, then sidesteps back to where they started.
figure has hands on their hips.
a person is bent forward with their hands on their knees and then they stand upright.
a person starts in a squat position with both hands on their knees, similar to an baseball/softball umpire behind the plate, and brushes their right knee for a few seconds.
a person is running, then quickly stops and turns direction while continuing running.
a person runs forward, briefly pauses, then turns and runs to the left.
a person running forward turned left and continued running.
a person starts walking in a circle and returns to his starting spot.
a person walks in a wide counter clockwise circle.
a person walking around in a circle with left foot in.
person gets up from sitting on their knees
person is on knees then getting up.
someone is on their knees and they are then getting up and walking away
a person stands with elbows bent and leans to the right at the waist oh, then to the left. then the person swings from the right to the left with arms outstretched.
the person performs various stretches.
the man stretches from side to side then swings his arms in a stretching motion.
person opens a bottle and drinks from it
someone opening up a soda drinking it
a man opens a beverage with right hand and drinks it from his left hand.
a person lifts a horizontal object from their left front side, and places it vertically to their right, then returns it.
person takes left hand and places it above right hand as if pouring something.
a person picks up object on his left side that is on a table or shelf and moves it to his right side
person lifts right leg and does two kicks.
someone is kicking forward
a man is trying to kick the door down.
a standing person sits on the ground with legs crossed then stands back up.
a person sits cross legged on the ground and stands up.
person trying to sit down in a lotus pose and then standing back up
the person tripped over his foot.
a person is standing and lost his balance, almost fell but caught himself
a person stumbles to the right
person kicks forward with their left leg, with their arms in front of them
a person performs a kick with their left leg.
a person kicks his left leg and then stands in a karate position.
the toon has their both arms up & extending in a "dancing" position, while moving forwards then backwards.
person holds left arm out and right arm forward, then shuffles side to side as if doing the chacha dance
a person is doing a dance.
a person stands still with both arms raised then lowers arms and waving off with his right arm.
the person has both arms up and starts moving his right hand.
the person places their arms down and acts as if they are cleaning something with a rag.
a person marches forward, turns around, and then marches back.
a man marches forward then turns around and marches in the opposite direction.
person is marching forward in straight line
a person leans over and touches something with both hands.
a person reaching and grabbing with right then left hand. wiping motion with right hand.
a man inclines foward and picks something with his right hand and then starts making  back and forth motions while the left hand is holding it.
a person moving arms around uncomfortably.
a man puts outstretched arms down and then bends them towards his chest.
a person lowers both his raised arms down to their sides slowly, then lifts his arms one by one upwards to their chest.
swinging right arm in petting motion.
a person is scrubbing back and forth with his right hand.
a person is holding something with their left arm while wiping it down with their right.
a person made a welcome jesture, while his right leg down a little
a person does a moderate curtsy to the left
the person twirls  slowly and comes up
a man squats and stays.
person seems to be unsteady sits down
a man crouches down from a standing position.
a person walks over multiple objects in a straight line.
a person carefully steps on things(stones) as he walks.
a person walks forward while widening their feet as to straddle something.
the person lifts his right leg into the air multiple times.
a person standing kicks their right leg out to the side and then kicks backwards as well
a person uses their right leg to kick to the left, and then forward.
a person walks forward, turns around, sits on a chair, and then stands back up.
a person sits down then stands up turning his back to the viewer.
this person sits down then gets back up.
a person walks to the right, then circles back and turns again.
a person walks around in a figure eight pattern.
a man walks in the pattern of the figure 8.
a person walks in a circle
the person is walking around in a circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person strafing around something
someone is stepping side to side creating a circle shape. as they are stepping side to side they are facing outward while their back is facing inward
a person walking in a circle slowly.
a person backs up before moving their arms out and pushing something.
a person walks backwards and then crawls forwards
a man walks backward, makes a sluggish fowards  move while bending his knees  and then pushes his arms foward.
a man hops to his right
a person hops to the right without facing the direction the jump into.
person takes one jump to the reide side.
a person hesitates in place and then walks forward.
the person takes a few steps forwards.
a person walks straight starting with their left foot.
a man stands forward and pulls his right arm back then forward in a throwing motion.
the figure confidently stands, appearing to launch its arm backwards ready to throw a foreign object, however the figure does not lose grip and brings the object close to its chest with two hands.
a person grabs something, then throws it with his right arm
a man is swinging his right arm upwards.
stick figure boxes with left hand upward
a person winds up left arm.
a person doing a whale impression
this person is bent forward as if to look for something all around.
person bends over three separate times with torso moving side to side
a person move its right arm and the throws something with its left arm
person flings something to view using his own vision then using binoculars to see the distance
a person is making gestures with their left and right arm, and then with both as if trying to describe a story.
a person running back and forth.
a man runs to the right and then to the left before running back to the center.
a person jogging to their right and then left
this person stands in place a raises his right arm slightly.
a person places something on a surface, and then slouches in place.
person has their right hand raised before lowering it.
person walking in figure eight pattern
the man is walking forward
a person walks in an 8 pattern.
a person pushing something with his left shoulder while stepping forward.
a standing person drunkenly stumbles forward a half step..
a person stands briefy, then takes one step forward.
a persons walks on a tight rope.
a person walks with both arms spread out.
a person walks along a narrow object with arms up for balance.
the person turned to right and then bent sideways couple of times and bent down forwards at the end.
a person appears to be stretching by rotating his core with arms raised. he continues to stretch side to side, arms still raised and then bends at the waist to the floor.
the person was doing exercise stretches.
a man walks in a forward arc, skewing to the right side of the screen.
a person is forward in a motion that is turning them left.
someone walks in a quarter arch to the right.
the person punch someone with the right arm.
a person takes a step forward and then throws a punch with their right hand
a man throws a punch with his right hand.
a person makes basketball gestures.
a person makes gestures with their hands in front of them.
a person pushes something aside then makes rolling motions with his hands.
a person walks in a southern direction for a few steps, then turns and faces in a northwestern direction and walks forward.
a person walking in a very sassy manner
a person walks forward then comes to a stop.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a man walks swiftly forwards then stops .
the person is doing something with his right hand .
a man gently stretches his right hand out in front of him multiple times.
a person raises his right hand, lowers it, raises it again, then lowers it while lowering both shoulders.
a person walking forward slightly to the left
person moves forward slowly six steps
a person walks forward and steps over something with his right foot.
a colorful animated drawing moving around as if it is dancing.
a person is swimming the free style stroke.
person is swimming doing the free style
a man walks from the back to the front.
a man walks forward and then stops.
the person is walking down a slope.
a person does an exercise squat.
a person does a squat, bending his knees and returning to standing position.
the person did a squat and they raised both arms forward
person stomps their right foot once.
person stomps their left foot.
person lifts right foot and stomps onto ground
a standing person jogs slowly to the right, then to the left, then stops at the center.
a person jogging back-and-forth turning 180° every few steps.
a person turns and runs to the right and then turns to run to the left.
a person sitting and moving the steering wheel.
a person squatting move right and left arms up and down
person sat down moving right and left hands to rotate motion
a man stretches his shoulders and rotates his both arms and then stretches his right foot too.
a person does arm stretches and then begins to stretch their ankles.
a person spins their arms outward in a circle.
person in an aggressive stance walks casually forward in a horizontal direction
person walks quickly diagnal from right to left across matt
the person is walking steadily
a person holding something seems to ring a doorbell, then hands someone something, then finally receives something and waves back to the giver.
person gives someone a package
the person is delivering pizza to someone.
a seated person motions in a "come here" movement with their right arm
a person sits down and talks with their hands.
the person is squatting down while raising and then moving their right hand in a circular motion.
a person reaches for hand rail with left hand imitates walking up stairs then turns around and imitates walking downwards
a person walks upstairs holding a railing with his right hand, turns around and walks downstairs holding the railing with his left hand.
person is standing down and up a step ladder.
a person appears to be drunk continues to drink from a cup.
person is coughing or choking
the person sneezes into their right hand
the stick figure person camly lifts his left hand  and camly places it back.
a man stands in the center of a room, with his back snd shoulders slouched forward . as the man stands there, he raised his left arm and wiggles his hand  towards the right, which he watches as he cocks his head to the left in a curious manner.
facing front, a person slowly reaches forward with their left hand.
a person who is walking backwards
person is slowly backing up
a man walks backwards slowly.
a man walks to the left and then stops.
personal walks forward and left at a normal pace
walks forward in kind of an ark.
this person holds his arms up as if to dance with a partner.
a person is dancing in a square pattern
a person is holding up their left arm and their right arm wrapped around in front of them while dancing by moving in counter-clockwise circle and later turning their entire body to the right.
a fast walk forward with multiple steps.
a person jogs a short distance forward
the person runs and comes to a stop.
person walks with arms out on the sides and wobbles
a person walks forward with both arms out to their sides, tipping to the left and right, keeping balance.
a man holds his arms out to his sides and begins to walk as though he's balancing on a tightrope.
person leans forward goes onto knees whilst first putting left hand on ground for support and stays on knees
a person kneels down on both knees.
person carefully kneels down. first with right leg, then with the left one.
someone crouches down and moves their feet
a person slightly squats down.
a man crouches with his left leg in front of him.
a person moves both arms around stretching.
a person does many different arm stretches
a figure uses a bow and arrow
a person is pushed forward.
a person is pushed forward slightly.
he steps forward then gently bends his knees.
a person moves forward, and then begins dancing with an unseen partner.
walking forward while spinning arms then back.
the person steps forward and then starts dancing to salsa music.
a person is walking foward.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks forward in a curve line.
a person walks forward and puts their hand on something two times, before continuing to walk forward.
a person walking diagonally while holding on to something.
a person on the ground starts crawling and ends up getting up.
on hands and knees crawling around then steps up.
a person crawls on all fours then gets up half way though.
a person does a clockwise pirouette on their left leg.
a person spins on one foot
a man spins in place.
person walks slowly forward with arms at sides.
a person taking slow steps forward.
a person walks forward. uses a fairly wide stance, looks aggressive and dominant
a person walks up stairs turns left and walks back down stairs.
with hips swaying like a woman walking, this person takes 4 steps up the stairs, turns to the left on steps 5 & 6, then walks down the stairs in 4 more steps, walking back to where they started.
the body climbs up something and turns back to climb down.
a person walking and helping maintain their balance and support,  from holding onto a side rail or wall.
a man seems to be walking forward on a straight line
the person is walking forward.
a person threw an item with his right hand while stepping forward with his left foot and returning to his original spot.
the right hand is thrown forward while the left foot is planted on the ground, making the right foot pop off the ground.
a person throwing something with right hand, while doing the smal movement forward
a man puts his hands together then stands still.
standing person bends both arms forward and crosses wrists
a person puts both hands together.
man is bending arms at elbows towards the front of the body.
a person strains while doing dumbell curls.
a standing person lifts dumbells upwards with both hands.
a person taking strafing steps to their right
a person is stepping slowly/carefully sideways to their right, feet not crossing each other while keeping them about a foot apart; then turns and does the same thing in the opposite direction.
a man is stepping to the right and then back to the left.
the person walks sideways in both directions.
person is side stepping back and forth.
a person side steps to the right and then side steps to the left.
the person walks forward and seems to be stepping up some steps. he turns around and walks back down the stairs
a person takes several steps forwards, does a 180 and walks back to original spot.
a person walking up and down a set of stairs.
someone getting into position to start catching and tossing an object.
person raises right arm to side and lifts left hand and grabs hands together
person bounces a ball to their right hand side
a person walking and raising his left palm .
a man steps forward and moves his right arm.
a man is walking and then he waves his right hand
a person drops their hands then brings them together in front of their face clasped.
a man starts with his hands together in front of his face then drops them to his sides spiritless and raises back in front of his face.
a figure puts their hands into a praying motion then out his arma back at his side.
a person with their arms straight out to their sides, lowers them, and then smacks their hands together before walking to the left and sitting down on some object.
a standing person with both their arms spread open putting them down then using both they clap and step forward
a figure holds their arms outstretched.
a person stands using his left hand to play a guitar moving it up and down.
a person plays the guitar with their left hand and holds it with their right hand.
the man first stands still. he than picks up both hands and puts them into a strumming position with his left hand doing the strumming. he strums five times than places both hands back to his sides.
a person hops left and right in a stationary position.
the person is jogging in place.
someone starts hopping from foot to foot and then returns to standing on both feet.
a person walks forward, bends forward, puts up left then right hand, walks backward, bends forward.
someone bows, takes a step forward and lifts both arms before stepping back with arms still raised and bows again.
taking a few steps forward, then bending at the waist, takes a step forward then extending with his arms extended forward walks backwards a step, bends at the waist, and drops his arms.
someone is running forward and jumping over something
person is  running then jumping over something.
a person runs, then puts their hand on something and swings their legs in the air
a person walks in place.
a figure sways its arms as it walks in a forwards direction, seemingly gravitating towards its right hand side before walking around in an anti-clockwise direction.
a person begins walking back and after a few steps begins wakling forward.  the person then begins walking counter-clockwise and after three quarters of the way around stops.
a person who has his knees bent and his hands on his thighs raises his hands chest high and then returns them to his thighs.
a figure crouches with its hands on its thighs, then cowers back
a person squats with hands on their thighs and then raises hands in front of chest and puts them back down.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks to the back.
a man walks forward before turning back the way he came.
a person walks back and forth in a wavy line.
a person walks forward with swagger.
a person walks straight forward.
person saunters forward while moving hips slightly.
a person walks to the side horizontally and then back and forth.
a person steps to the left then the right
a man takes a step the right and then back to the left.
a person walks straight/forward, then suddenly gets kicked on their left side which pushes them towards the right side, but successfully recovered, and continued their original path.
person walks forward, suddenly jumps to the left as if dodging something, then recenters and keeps walking.
the person is walking slowly back and forth.
a person claps his hands and walks.
a person claps, walks diagonally in a southwestern direction, sits down on something and scratches his head.
this person claps his hands, walks forward to sit and scratches head with both hands.
a person opens an item in their right hand.
a man makes the "time-out" sign with his hands.
the person is putting his left arm up to look at his watch.
a person made a full spin move while jumped
a person jumps and spins and then steps one back
a person jumps 360 degree and comes back to the original position and then takes a step back
a person picks up something, turns it onto its side, and then lays it back down
the drooping figure prompts its arms, as if to receive a foreign object in front and to the right of it, yet withers in despair, suggested by its body language.
a man lowers both arms to the left side and then lifts both arms to the upper right side
he stays on one place and doesnt move
a person is standing with feet apart and arms raised to shoulder height.
a person appears to stand, arms and legs spread, with no movement observed.
a person walks forward, turns around, sits, stands and returns to their original location.
someone uses both of their legs in a squat position in order to sit down.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms, turns around a squats, then stands back up and walks again.
the man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
this person walks clockwise one and half times.
a figure casually walks in a circular pattern.
a person yawns and covers their mouth with their right hand.
a man touches his head with his right hand.
a person raises his hand to his face and then lowers it.
the person was getting in position to kick the soccer ball.
the sim takes a step to the side before lunging forward to kick with their right foot.
a person makes a feint maneuvre around an unseen ball, before kicking it.
a figure with arms out rotates down the moves hands around.
a person with arm up and to the side. lowers arms and rotates in circular motion.
person reaches arms out to the side then most circular motions forward
a person raised the hands and after hold something
a person waves their hands and appears to be paddling a boat.
a figure throws their arms out in frustration then rows a boat
a person kneels down and looks up.
a person lifts both arms, then uses left arm to get down on both knees.
a person standing then put both arms out and gets on knees.
and individual standing sideways raises it’s arms at shiulder hight twistinf torso first to left thrn to right
a figure gestures with arms outstretched to the left and then twists with arms still extended
persons grabs something and rotates it
a person brings their right wrist to neck level and examines it.
a person drinking coffee in the morning
a person looking at something on the right hand
a man steps to the side and then walks around while turning.
a person moving with dragging their right leg
the man staggers around as if drunk.
a person walks forward then turns right to go back.
a person is walking forward a couple steps and then turns around to walk back.
he walks forward spins around and walks back.
a person who seems to be stumbling
a person walks straight forward
a man slowly walks forward before stopping.
person acts in drunken way he steps back twice leaning back  and arms thrust out to the back
a person slowly tries to dodge something and stumbles backward and then regains composure, taking a few steps forward.
person staggers forward then backwards while waving arms.
a person shrugs both shoulders while swinging both arms. then kicks the left leg back and the rivht leg back.
person is shaking themselves around.
the person is loosening up his shoulders muscles and legs.
a person lifts something up with their right arm, perhaps curling a dumbbell but
person quickly raises their right hand
a person lifts a dumbbell with their right hand.
a person does sit-ups for excercise
the person is doing sit ups.
doing sit ups in place.
a person is jogging in a circle anticlockwise
a person was running by making the circle
a person jogs in small counter-clockwise circles.
a man walks forward slowly with his hands on some kind of railing on each side.
a person slowly walking forward on a narrow platform, trying to maintain balance by holding something to their sides along the way.
a person walks with a stagger and extends right arm as if to hold on to something
a person hinges and picks up an object with his right hand and then leaves it on the same place.
it looks like someone picking up the phone then putting it back down.
the person is picking something up.
a person walks up stairs holding hand rail with right hand.
a person walks up four steps, while holding onto a railing with their right hand.
a man walks up several steps, using his right arm to lean on a banister.
a person jogs forward, stops, then jogs backwards
this person jogs forward then jogs back and then to right and left.
a person ran forward and rutern and changed the direction
a person stands still for a while then quickly walks forward.
a figure take 2 quick steps forwards
a person stands still, and then quickly walks forward.
a person does the "chicken part" of the chicken dance.
stick figure does a chicken flap with the arma
she puts her hands up to her armpits and flaps her elbows like a chicken.
a person uses their right arm to scratch their head.
he sctratches his head
a person scratches his head with his right hand.
person is looking around side to side and then nods.
a person stands in a ready position and looks all around them.
a figure stands tentatively, looking perhaps confused
the person walked towards someone taking 4 steps
a person walks forward, hand at the side.
person walks forward with a regular stance. looks to be walking normally
a person walks forward to the left, then takes several steps backwards, stumbles and steps to the left.
a person stumbles forward, then stumbles backwards, startling with a jolt and taking a few uneven sideways steps.
man walks forward then backwards then stumbles to his right then to his left
the stick figure without a head shakes his left hand up and down 6 times, then moves his right hand slightly to the right, and then repeats the same thing again.
a person is moving his right hand up and down an object while he is holding it with his left hand
a person is shaking its right hand.
the figure is kicking from right to left
a person kicks twice with their right leg.
a person lifts right leg and kicks.
the person is walking around.
a person walks forward, stopes to shake someones hand for a few seconds and then continues his walking
a man takes 3 steps forward and shakes his right hand, then veers to the left and takes 2 steps forward
a figure lowers their arms and then seems to make the sign of the cross?
a figure raises their arms and swipes open a door.
a man has its arm raised from the sides and then puts then down. using his left arm he draws a cross
a person walks forward with intent
person moves forward seven steps leading with right foot from centre back  to front right of box
a person walking forward sideways
a person standing still, waves with its right hand
the person holds their hands at their hips and then waves with their right hand.
a man stands with his hands on his hips and then waves with right hand.
a person walks very slowly forward.
a person is walking forward.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person punches up with their right arm
a man moves his hands up and down.
person is doing boxing right uppercut
a person quickly walks forward.
person walks forward several paces.
a person walking swiftly forward.
a stick fogure holds their arms straight up and then quickly puts them back down.
a person raises his hands above his head.
a person puts both hands up forming a "y" shape with their body.
the person is getting ready to throw some thing with his right hand.
a person standing with their arms on their waist lifts their right arm to do something, then makes a "whoops" gesture and seems to paddle with both hands to their left.
a person with his hands on his waist, raises his right hand and with the left it seems as if he was rowing
pacing back and forth from left to right.
a person walks back and forth and completes a circle
a person turns to their left and starts pacing back and forth a couple times.
a person who waved with there left arm
a person waving with left arm.
a person waves with their left hand.
person walking slightly to the left in six steps
person walks forward  six steps leading with right foot
a man walks forward and the comes to a stop.
a man walks towards the left with hands at his side slightly bent, then he turns around to walk in the opposite direction.
a person is walking on a diagnol
a person saunters across the floor.
a person start out leaning with weight on right foot then straightens up to a standing position, still balancing weight on his right foot while his left foot is raised.
a person balances on their right leg.
a person balances on one leg
a person slowly throws two objects with their right hand.
a man throws something with his right arm twice.
a person throws a ball and moves his right foot if front of his left.
a person drops their hands to their sides, raise their hands t their chest, drops their hands to their sides again then raise them up to chest level roll their hands over each other.
this person stands still and moves arms round and round in front.
a person holds his hands together, puts them back down and then twirls them.
a person walks forward in a clockwise loop
the person is walking to the right looking down.
a person walks in a clockwise direction with elbows bent and chest out.
a man stands on the ground and squats with his arms stretched  foward.
some one is squatting down
a man stands for a second and then squats down then comes up
a person steps forward then spins around with arms outstretched.
the person that was doing a windmill spinning around.
a man takes a few steps forwards, spins clockwise twice, then spins anti-clockwise twice.
a person goes from standing to squatting, and back to stand twice
a person bends at the knees, goes into a squat, and stands back up twice.
subject is standing facing forward then squats dawn into a crouching position then stands back up. the subject repeats this motion 2 times
a person pulls their left leg back to their glutes.
person stretches left leg and loses balance
the person is stretching their legs and then look like they threw some thing with their left hand.
man has his hands above his head and leans from one side to the other by bending his waist and then bends forward.
a person stretches right, left and down.
a person is stretching his body to the left and right.
a person walks backwards and stops.
man walks straight backwards, beginning with his left foot first.
the person is walking backwards
a person walks straight forward quickly
a man walks forward with a wider stance.
a person strides forward for a few steps, then slows and stops.
a person appears to be playing a guitar.
a person is playing the guitar.
a man stands and strums an object with his left hand.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a man makes small jumps while widening his legs slightly, and throwing his arms up sidewards towards his head.
a man jumps up and down with his legs apart and the raised arms clapping together.
the man lifts his right arm
a person raising their right arm to the side.
a person is raising their right arm
someone kicks with a right foot
a person kicks their right leg.
person kicks something with right foot.
man walks up and down stairs while holding onto the same hand rail.
a person walking up an elevated surface
a man steps up and then turns around and steps back down.
a person standing in one position raises their right arm, then waves.
a person lifts up their right arm and waves it high in the air four times then puts their arm down.
a person makes a large waving motion with their right arm.
the person walks straight forward slowly while swaying their hips.
this person walks very slowly toward the front.
a person is walking forward along the ground.
the person took four steps forward.
if the shaded area were a stage, it appears as though the figure were walking in a linear direction upstage to downstage, stopping at the end of the stage, then posing as if the figure were a fashion model on a runway.
a person walks forward faster
a person is walking forward as if attracting someone.
a person walks forward slowly in a seductive and relaxed manner.
a man is standing still swaying and then walks slowly towards the 1 o'clock.
a person raises their hand to their face then drops it.
a man is standing and lifts his right hand to his face to take a bite of or observe something.
a man bends his right arm at the elbow and brings his hand up towards his face.
the person is handing soemthing.
the man moves right side of body back
a man stading and leaning towards right and left
person is walking on a treadmill
a person walks on a treadmill.
a person casually walking straight forward.
a person sitting down on something
the person sits down whilst their right arm is shaking
a standing person bends at the knees and takes a seat.
the man jumps couple of times
a person jumps up twice then puts their hands on their hips.
a person jumping up and down then ends with both hands on hips.
jogging in a counterclockwise circle then in a zig zag pattern
a person runs around in circles while looking down
running in a circle.
a seated person shifts their feet around, then pats or scratches their shoulder.
sitting down then raising hand above head.
a person sat on something and scratch the back
a person walks forward slowly, then takes two more slow and deliberate steps.
a man takes a step forward before stopping.
a person steps forward then slowly glides their left foot
the person put his right hand up beside his head.
a man raises and the lowers his right hand.
a figure stands before lifting their right hand and scratching the side of their face
a person takes a big step to the side.
a standing person is pushed to their left and stumbles, catching themselves with their right foot.
a person takes a step directly to their left
a person is crossing both arms across the chest.
a man brings both hands together in a clapping motion several times.
a person that is standing up, spreds both of his arms and brings them farword to his face
a person raises their arms in the air while walking down an incline.
a person raises both hands in the air and walks forward.
a person walks forward in a straight line while having both arms up in the air and once completed the person puts both arms back down.
a person hops on their left foot
a person is hopping on their left leg
a person hops on their left foot.
a person is crouched down in fighting stance and stands to go into a flurry of fighting techniques.
a person does fighting maneuvers.
a person that is practicing kung fu
a headless line figure takes four steps forward, down a ramp, toward the viewer.
a person walks forward for several steps
a person walks down a ramp.
a person is dancing a waltz.
the person is stepping around in a circle.
a person dances in a box step with their arms up as if they are holding a dance partner.
a person turns and leans to the right, then does a left leg kickboxing style kick.
a man leans over and quickly kicks out with his left leg
someone is pitching a baseball game.
a person dances while keeping his feet on the ground then steps forward.
a person is dancing by twisting their waist and walking a few steps.
a person standing up twists their upper body side to side in a rapid motion, while alternating their balance on their feet, with one foot off the ground and one foot on the ground.
a person uses arms to lift an object or weightlift.
a person lifts something above their head multiple times.
a person is standing still while lifting both arms as if to exercise.
a person begins walking and then quickly steps to the side.
a stick figure takes a couple steps forward then swerves.
a man walks forward and then quickly jerks to the left.
a person lifting a dumbbell twice with his left arm.
the person raises and lowers their left arm as if they were exercising their bicep
a person is lifting his left hand multiple times.
a person standing forward doing leg kicks.
a person lifts their right leg and then left leg
a person doing a forward kick with each leg.
a person jogs a few steps, swinging their arms naturally.
person sprits forward four steps
a person is running forward.
a man squatting down picking up an object with his left hand.
a person puts their hands to their face, crouches down, puts their hands on something, then stands
a person is perhaps using a camera to take a picture, then bends down to get something (or change a lens), then realizes he forgot it and slaps himself in the head.
person took a back walk.
the person is walking backwards, towards the left.
starting with the left foot first, the body walks backwards.
a man who is kneeled down uses his right hand to stand up.
a person uses their right hand to stand up from a kneeling position.
a figure kneeling stands up on both legs.
the man walks in a circle twice, beginning with his left foot and and ending on his right.
the sim walks in circles.
a person walks counter clockwise in a circle one and a half times.
a man swings both arms like bird wings, then puts his arms on his knees, after sometime he repeats a swinging motion
a person lefts his both hands sideways while squating.
person stands with arms out to the side with legs slightly bent then lowers then to side then to knees and then raises them again then to knees once again
walking randomly and raising arms up.
angry dancing, gesturing, and jumping
person appears to shake hands aggressively move to the right and shakes hands aggressively again.
a figure crosses its ankles before squatting down and checking thr ground and then standing back up
a person kneels down and places his left hand to the ground for support before standing back up.
a standing person squats down to sit in crossed leg position but stops halfway and stands back up.
a person walks in an arc
the body walks in a left bend.
person walks in half circle on platform
a person with its arms raised, places them down, then brings them up and started to do circles.
person moves arms  from chest level to side of hips then  rotates arms in circular motion around chest twice in outwards to inwards position
a person reaches forwards with each hand then does opposing circles simultaneously.
a person salsa dances around
while maintaining your hands open at hip level as if you were dancing with someone, move your hips back and forth. stepping forward twice and then stepping to the right side, continue small short steps
a person dances while walking  forward
a person standing then put both arms out to do arm stretches.
a person lifts arms and twists body to the right and left.
a person stretching both arms as far as he/she can from his/her body
person kneels down using stool and left hand
a person stood in a t pose and then went on their knees
man starts with arms in the air and then puts them down. the man gets on his knees , starting with the left and then right.
a person takes two small hops, then bends their knees and stands up straight.
a person stands on two legs, completes two jumps, bending from the knee, bending the knees for the third time but just straightening.
a person hops up and down with their hands at their sides
the person is excercising touching toes.
a person stands still and gestures with their hands to their head, shoulders, knees, toes, then knees and toes again.
a person standing up touches their head, crosses their arms and touches their shoulders, touches their knees, then toes, knees again, and then toes again.
a person stands still then moves their arms up slightly
this person is standing still and lifting arms.
person actually looks like one of those people that talk with their hands using odd motions with their hands maybe to explain the words they're expressing
running in place quickly.
a man gets up off of the ground and jogs in place in a circle.
a person lunches forward and then does high-knee in-place running.
a person spreads with arms straight out, before beinging them back down to their side
a person who is standing with his arms straight out at shoulder height, drops his arms, turns his head to the right and then to the left, looks forward, then moves his head in a circle, twice.
person with arms lifted at side puts them down. then he starts rotating head.
person walks forward slowly and hesitates before standing upright
person walks forward and slightly to the left
a person walking in the straight line forward.
a person puts their hands to their face and looks from side to side
the man puts binoculars to his eyes and looks at things.
a person holds something to their mouth and looks around
the person is sitting down possibly driving.
a seated person turns a steering wheel.
someone is sitting down and driving
a person sitting down turning something.
a person is sitting down, turning something they are holding.
robot is sitting and trying to do something using his both hands.
a person swipes one hnd across their shoulder, then swipes up and down, and then forward and back.
he moves his hand forward
a person raised the left hand and made some jesture
someone carefully looks behind them while backing up, then uses both hands to dip into a slight sitting motion.
a person walks backwards sits, stands and walks forward again.
a person taking one step backwards and leaning on a wall to squat down once to final return to his original spot.
a person walking confidently.
a person walks in place.
a person walks at a consistent speed
he walks forward slowly then stops
a man walks forward and then stops.
someone moving forward  while moving hand
a person going up an elevated surface
a man steps up and then walks forward.
person going up steps moving one leg at a time
a man vomiting bending down and then running and protecting using both hands and then vomiting again
the man is moving using his body
band the legs  and shake the hand moving ear and there.
a person jogs forwards from the left to the right.
a person is quickly runing in a 45 degree angle to the left
a jogging or running man/woman
bouncing up and down while the wrist moves back and forth.
a person hopping in one spot
a person lightly hops on their feet repeatedly
a person paces from left to right and vice versa.
a person turns left, walks then turns right and back to the left.
the person paced back and forth.
a person walks forward then stops and then they turn left and go down some stairs then they turn again
the person is on an uneven terrain.
a person walks in an l shape stepping over an obstacle along the way.
a person sat down on a chair, leaned back, got up from the chair and took four steps.
a person turns counterclockwise and backs up, then sits down and leans back casually, hands resting on their lap. after a few seconds, they stand up and walk to the left, turning right after a few steps.
a person turns and sits in a chair, relaxes, then stands up and walks to their left.
person reaches out right arm in front of them, puts their arm down, then reaches again with right arm.
a person reaches out for something with his right hand 4 times.
this person reaches with his right hand.
a person turns to the right and picks up an object with their right hand, lifts it towards their head, then puts it back down.
a man picks up, holds to his ear, then hangs up a phone with his right hand.
a person picks up an object and holds it.
a person doing standing crunches and squats
a person is touching his left knee with his right elbow, then his right knee with his left elbow, he does this twice, then does 2 squats while both his arms are extended
the figure brings its right (our left) knee forward with its left (our right elbow) while sticking its right (our left) elbow out and then does the inverse action, repeats the first action, and finally squats twice.
walking backwards then back.
a man sbrings his arms down to his sides, turns and steps to his right, then backsteps several times, turns clockwise, and resumes backstepping.
walks backwards, turns around, walk backards
from a standing position, the person slowly walks in a circle, counter-clockwise, and then stops
a person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
the person raised his arms up and then put them down again.
a person drops both arms from shoulder height and repeats the action.
a person lifts both arms and extends them, then lowers them.
the person walks forward holding on to something, maybe a handrail.
a person walks down a slope with their right hand placed on a handrail.
and walks forward with right arm outstretched as if petting something.
a person walking holding a rail.
a person is walking with a handrail and then steps down.
person staggers from front to their right and  puts out right arm for stability
a man is bent down close to the floor and bouncing on his feet for 5 seconds then begins to duck walk forward while continuing to bounce.
a person bend the knee and start walk forward
a person starts crouched down, then bounces in the crouched position, finally walking forward still in the crouched position.
a person throwing a left hook.
hard left punch jap forward
a person strikes with his left arm.
a person uses tool in right hand to stir.
a person is stirring a bowl.
object is picked up from a shorter surface by a person, lightly shaken to stir, and then put back
a person marches forward aggressively than turns around and does the same.
a man begins to walk down a ramp, swinging his arms forward and backward and when he gets sto the bottom he walks back up again.
person walked from one side to the other.
a person rotates their body in a circle by bending at the hips.
the man is moving his hips in circular motion
the figure bends forward at waist, then circles torso with shoulders leading in half circle from right to left, then engages hips and makes large hip circles from left to right in two full circles.
the person is drying off the right arm.
bending down and moving arms.
a figure sets up a spitball for a pitch.
person standing then washes window, puts both hands in air.
a person lifts their right hand and shakes a couple of times then lifts both hands up and rubs their shoulders
person has hands on knees rotates right hand in a circular motion then places both hands on knees then lefts both arms above head three times
a person is lightly pushed from behind.
a person is slightly pushed from behind.
a person stands still them moves their arms a bit.
person raises right hand to head height then lowers it and walks back diagonally to their left
a figure puts its right hand up, seemingly to say stop. then, the figure backs away.
waves hand then takes a couple steps backwards.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle while talking.
walks forwards, then turns around while still walking, and does a near clockwise path. is walking at a relatively high speed
said person seems to be acting something out
person appears to unscrew something with right hand while holding it with left hand.
a person is opening a jar with both arms.
a person is holding something down while twisting with their right hand.
a man paces back and forth along the same line.
a man turns and walks back before turning around and walking again.
person moves forward two  steps then turns right two steps
the stick figure is walking to his right forming a j.
a person walks sideways .
moving the right leg with balance of left leg.
a person balances shakily on her left foot, one hand up and one out to the side, while her right leg moves back and forth and around in an effort to keep balanced.
the person is doing ballet poses.
a man walks in a semicircle anticlockwise, then stops and walks forward, then stops and turns anticlockwise, goes up a step with his right foot first, stops, then comes back down with his left foot first.
person walks in a anti clockwise direction then goes up steps then down steps
the person is walking around and going up the stairs.
stick figure walks left and stops
a man walks and slowly turns 45 degrees to the left.
a person walks towards left .
a person walks forward at an angle to kick a ball
quickly jolts back with a kick then throws up the right arm in the air.
person moves back two steps fastly then  kicks with right leg then raises right arm as if kicking a ball
a person holds something in front of their face.
a standing person brings their hands up to their face before dropping their arms by their side.
the figure bends both arms upwards at chin height, as if it were blocking.
the man is running with legs slightly tilted to the left.
a person is running forward.
someone is jogging in place
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person raised their right arm and moved it fast towards the front as if throwing something.
the toon is standing still before raising both hands to making a "rolling" motion as to be in a exercise routine.
a person moves both hands rapidly in forward circles, and up and down, in front of them while standing still.
a person makes a basketball referee's traveling and double dribble signals.
a person sits cross-legged on the floor then stands
a person sits down with their legs crossed, pauses, then stands back up to their original position.
a person sits on the ground with their right leg tucked under their left leg, and then they place their hands on the ground behind their hips  and push themselves back up to a standing position.
a person strafes from left to right repeatedly.
a person side-steps to the left with their left foot three times, changes direction to the right with their right foot 4 times, and then goes back to center leading with their left foot.
a person quickly jumps from side to side.
a person walks down the stairs holding support with his left hand.
a person walks down stairs while hanging on to the bannister.
person moves down some step holding onto something with left hand
a man lowers and raises his forarms.
a person appears to be lifting a barbell with both hands raising at the same time while being bent at the elbow; feet stationary.
a man raises his arms lifting weights.
person opens something on the middle shelf, takes something from the top puts it on the ground, then takes something from the ground then puts it on middle shelf.
a person picking objects up,  and then placing them on a higher surface.
a person picks something up with their right hand, raises and shakes it. then moves it nearer to the ground and back to waist height again
person is walking forward.
a person jumping up and then stepping forward.
a person jumps up and then walks forward in a straight line.
a man makes two spartan kicks, followed by two medium high kicks.
subject is standing facing forward the subject kicks left leg 2 times forward then kicks   left leg 2 times to the side next the subject's right arm punches forward
the person is kicking with his left and right foot.
a person takes one step forward to the right then proceed one step backwards to the left
a person seems to fall
person pushes their right arm forward
a person jogs in place.
a person walking and jogging on the spot.
someone is running in place for a few seconds.
he raises his right hand and throws in an overhead motion without moving his feet, then brings his hands together, raises them, ready to through again.
a person makes a throwing motion with their right hand, then clasps both hands together
a man throws something with his left hand and the catches something.
a person looks at their wrist.
a man is standing and lifts up his right hand as if checking his watch
a person looks at watch on right wrist.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person walks down a ramp.
a stick figure walks diagonally, then stands still.
a man leans forward and picks up a small object with their right hand.
a person bends over and grabs something with his right hand.
a person bends over and picks something up with their right hand.
a person stands up from the ground, walks in a clockwise circle, and then sits back on the ground
a man gets up from a seated position on the ground, walks around in a circle and then sits back down again.
a person gets up and walks around then sits back down
a man faces the camera and stands in place while raising his right arm, then waves his right hand before returning to a standing position.
a person is standing up and waves.
person waves right hand at camera
this person is jumping around.
a person jumps, regains footing, then jumps again.
jumps up and down twice
a person steps backward while shaking entire body.
a person making a stance with right foot back for stablility.
a man paces back and forth.
a person walks diagonally to his left, turns around, and walks halfway in the other direction.
a person turns to their left, walks forward then turns back around and walks halfway back to their starting point before stopping.
the man appears to hold both hands as if something were in them and rocks them back and forth.
a person holds something valuable or fragile, while rocking it back and forth.
person was holding a baby.
a man hops with both feet to the left
a person slightly bends knees and jumps to the left.
both feet at the same to jump to the left.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walking slowly.
a person walks awkwardly across the floor, holding their arms out to their sides for balance.
a man slowly walks to the left with his arms outstretched at his side.
a person walking diagonally to the right with both arms spread out, balancing.
he does a sit down stand up
a person stands up and walks in a small circle.
a man is sitting down then gets up and walks around the room.
a person staggering up, taking labored steps in a forward and upwards direction
a man takes several steps forward and then seems to climb several stairs.
a person walks forward and appears to be going up stairs
a person scratches their head
a person seems to pick up a telephone and hold it near its face, talking for a few seconds and then proceeds to hang up and put the phone back down.
facing stage front, a stick figure is standing with their arms out by their sides while standing in a t-pose, they then drop their arms, leaving the left arm dangling, while the right hand comes up and seems to caress where there face should be. the stick figure then lowers it's right arm and shoulders.
a person takes a couple steps forward, pauses, turns and jogs to the left, then jogs to the right, then jogs back to where he started
a person steps sneakily back and forward.
a half blue & red  body stands in the center as he then runs left,  turns then runs right . he runs left once more & stops bavk where he started in the middle.
person is walkng down slowly.
a person takes seven slow steps forward diagonally and to the left.
a figure walks in a swirl pattern
person takes a steps forward while left arm jerks as if in pain, then turns, walks 2 steps then left arm jerks again after taking 3 steps
figure appears to be getting hurt or tripped up
person is walking forward and has sudden arm pain
a man jumps and turns to his left.
a person bends their knees slightly to then jump forward while turning 90 degrees to their left.
a man squats, jumps forward and spins 90 degrees counter clockwise before landing.
a person walks forward in an curved line
a person walks to the left.
a person starts to walk in a counter clockwise direction.
a man is walking backwards.
a man slowly walks backwards before stopping.
a person steps backwards then stands still.
a person slowly walks forward, then squats and jumps in place.
a person wobbles from side to side then squats and jumps.
a person walks forward and then jumps on the spot once.
the person prepares to fight by raising there arms and getting in a fighting stance
person takes 2 steps forward, while raising both arms out to the side to shoulder height, then a step back, bringing both arms back in front of the body to chest height
person seems to be moving hands active up in air like an air arm wrestle.
a person delivers pizza, receives money, then waves goodbye
the man looks to shake someone's hand before giving a wave with his right hand and walking out.
the person hands something to someone, then takes something with their right hand.
a person is walking around the room.
a person walks in a triangular motion starting out coming towards the viewer then turning around and walking in a forward motion towards the back of the screen. the person turns to their right continuing to walk and then another right continuing to walk, making an almost full triangular motion.
person walks diagonally forward, then turns around and does the same backwards. then they walk across the bottom of the screen like they created a triangle, then back to the top.
a person walking forward slightly to the right
a man walks moderately forward.
a person walks forward while keeping both arms to their side.
the person is walking around looking around for something.
the man walks in a circle and turns.
a person walks around in a clockwise circle
a person is holding something in front of them and swings to the right.
the person has their hands together in front of them and then swings them to their left.
holding hands together, a person moves them to the right slightly while holding them in front
a person jumps on the spot and is pushed forward.
the body jumps up and then walks forward.
a person jumps, takes three running steps forward, comes to a stand and look left and right.
a person moves object from left to right.
a person picks something up then moves it to the right
a person slowly lifts something from the left to the right.
a person uses their right arm to lift weights.
a person raising his right arm into a curl three times.
the right arm extends back and forth in front of the body a few times.
a person walks forward then moves up into the air as if they are walking up steps.
a person walks forward and climbs up something on the right hand side.
a person walks forward and then climbs a few steps up some stairs.
a man steps up and then walks forwards.
he steps up and apparently walks along a beam before stepping down.
a person climbing steps wobbling up and then back down the steps.
a person walking slightly uphill and then walking slightly back down.
person is walking slowly i think with a limp.
a man takes a step to the right to balance himself and then lifts both arms up at the same time aproximately 90 degrees.
the person pisitions his/her legs and lifts arms in a bicep curl motion
the person lifts both arms to shoulder level
a person is pretending to be a chicken
a person mimics a chicken by putting their hands under their armpits, flapping their arms, and bobbing their head
the person is acting like a human chicken.
the man is pretending to be on treadmill
person moves forward steping slowly forward on a treadmill
a person walking in place
a man walks forward in a straight line, thennearly topples over, putting his weight on the blue foot, before regaining his balance and continuing his stride.
the man is trying not to fall
a person walks forward, loses balance, almost falling. then recovers then continues walking
a person throws a ball with their right arm.
a person throws something very hard with their right hand.
he throws a ball without stepping into it.
the person was doing upper body stretches.
person stumbling forwards and backwards appearing to be impaired.
the person staggers backwards and forwards, leaning heavily to the left and holding their left leg and arm stiffly.
a person throws their hand up forward then claps.
raise right arm, wind back elbow and right shoulder, swing arm forward while rotating hips.
person is throwing baseball.
a person walks, turns and walks, turns and walks on his back
the man walks forward then walks backwards in a diagonal formation away from his original trajectory. he then repeats the same diagonal backwards movement in the other direction.
a person slowly walking while holdoing on to a rail.
a person slowly walks forward while holding something on both sides to guide them
a person his walking slowly holding onto rails.
a person walks forward a few steps with their arms swinging loosely at their sides.
the person is taking four steps down.
a person walks forward, swinging their arms naturally.
he kneels down with stool
a person kneels down on the ground while leaning their left hand on a stool.
a person slowly goes down onto his knees.
a person who is moving their hips repeatedly to the left and right
the person is wiggling his hips.
a person slowly rotates their hips in circles.
the figure tilts and then kicks the air above knee level with its left leg, it then does a lower kick with its right leg.
the person kicks left and then kicks right.
robot is using both legs and dancing
robot touched his face with right hand.
a person raises their right hand up to their head in front of their face.
a person puts their right hand to their neck, then places it back down.
a person walks forward two steps and turns around and walks back two steps
a person walking forward did a 180 degree turn on left foot  and walked in the opposite direction.
a person walks forward then turns and walks back
person has their arm out, put them down then waves with their right hand
a person has their arms spread out at their shoulders before waving with their left hand
person is waving hi while standing in place.
a person is walking while holding a hand rail
a person holds the handrail with his right arm while walking
person moves forward two steps with right arm out to side
a person walks towards his left.
a man walks in an arch towards his left.
a person walking and turning to the left
a person holds their arm out in front of them then lowers it
a man moves his right hand in front of him and then lowers it.
a person holds their right hand out in front of them
a person lifts both arms towards head, brings them back down, and turns toward the left hand side.
the person takes a sip from two cups with both hands then turns 90 degrees to his right before sipping again, then another 90 degrees to sip two cups again and ends facing the exact opposite from his starting position.
it seems this person was using both arm to put something to their head.
a person walks around with his left hand on his face.
he puts his hand up then down
the toon has both ups extended upward, bring them down before touching their face with their left hand.
a person claps with both hands .
a person standing and clapping hands.
a standing person claps and makes a slight twist about their waist.
person looks like they are doing lunges and stretching to the left.
a person who looks like they are gonna throw something
a person pretends to lift a heavy object to the side from a kneeled position.
a person steps forward and then makes slow sweeping motions with their right hand near their head.
person making a step forward, with right hand grabs an object and moves it in circular motions around top body/head area.
a person sloppily walks forward and waves with their right hand.
a person walks in a clockwise circle with arms and hand above their head
person carries something above head balancing on their heaed and they walk in a full circle and a half in a clockwise direction
a person walking in a circle with their hands up.
a standing person is making small rapid motions with their right hand near their head.
person scratched their head.
a person moving right hand similar to how one would brush their teeth.
a person walks downward in a straight line and avoids an object by stepping over it.
a person walks forward and steps over something while doing so.
the subject walks forward and takes one elongated step before returning to their normal gait.
a person hops forward four times, then turns around and begins to hop again.
a person hops forward then turns around.
a person who keeps jumping and then jumps back the other ways
a person hops over a stick, to the right, then to the left several times.
the stick figure is skiping from side to side.
a person carefully jumps back and forth in place on one foot six times.
a person kneels down while placing thier right hand on a stool.
a person standes on his knees
a person bends down and gets on their knees.
a man raises his left arm in front of him.
person takes bottle in left hand and drinks from it
the man opens a bottle and takes a drink with his left hand.
a person holds both their hands up as if to look at something closely.
a standing person raises his hands to his mouth area, as if calling out to someone, then drops the hands back to the waist.
a man touches his head with both hands before lowering them.
person is standing up and kicking.
someone is kicking with one foot
medium kick foward with left leg
person is slow walking ahead.
a person walks forward avoiding gap.
a person walks forward slowly
person standing around acting confused
a person reaches out their right arm to pick something up, which they then hold to their ear. they put the object back down and pick up another, which they hold in front of them with both hands and examine.
person raises hand with item from pocket then lifts item  to ear then lowers item to both hands tying something
man walks forward while upper body is leaning slightly to the left and steps are unbalanced and slow.
person staggers side to side from a standing position
a person hobbles around trying to walk.
a person appears to open something, like a microwave, and then take something out and place it on the ground.
walks forward opens a compartment and grabs 2 objects then picks another from the ground
a person grabbed something with right hand and put it somewhere
a person walks clockwise in a complete circle and stops.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks in a clockwise circle to the right.
the person is jumping up and back down.
a stick figure man jumps into the air and lands lightly with their legs bent and they hands sligtly moving as they land.
a person jumps up in the air
the person backed up with his hands into the air.
a person volleys with a volley ball with another person hitting it back and forth.
a person slowly walked backward and returned
a person moves forward and left.
a person turning to the left while stepping forward.
a person walks in a counter clockwise semicircle to the right hand side and stands.
person is walking backward slowly.
a person slowly walks backwards.
someone is walking backwards slowly and then standing still
this person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks while moving forward slowly
a man does several jumping jacks.
a person has their hands up in a defensive position and kicks with their left foot
a man hold his head with both of his hands and kicks with his left leg.
person puts right foot  forward then kicks left leg forward once and then back to standing upright
the person starts to jog to the left for a few steps then turns around and jogs to the right and then jogs back to their starting point
a person jobs from the middle to one end back to the other end back to the middle again.
a person is jogging back and forth
a little guy is cold.
person is cold and hugging themselves to get warm
a person wraps their arms around their body, the blows on their hands and wraps their arms around their body again.
a person walks towards the camera.
a person walks several steps forward in a straight line.
the person takes 4 steps forward starting with his right foot.
a person standing with their knees slightly bent is using both of their hands to hold on to something at chest level.
person mounted on a motorcycle holding handle bars.
a person stands with their arms raised forward and wrists bent
robot started waving his left hand.
a person waves with left hand.
a person waves with their left arm
a person jumps while spinning.
the person did a jump twirl.
a person does a backwards jump spin to the right.
a person lifts up their left leg while shifting on their right.
someone settles to sit on something, their right foot propped up and left foot on the floor, then stands up again.
the person is getting up on a stool to sit.
person is walking forward doing karate moves.
person stretches out lots of times wide stance and punches forward
with each step, the person alternates between extending each hand while the other is retracted.
a person mimics playing the guitar.
person may be playing instrument.
a person moves as if they are playing the guitar.
the figure is performing a bicep curl with its right arm.
a person standing still and lifting dumbbell with his left hand.
a person stands in place raising his arm at the elbow up and down two times.
person person to swaying  in half circles.
a person leans back and shakes back and forth while angulating their hips.
a person rocking their hips and back around.
a person walks forward taking small steps.
a man works slowly forwards a few steps, swinging his arms gently.
a person walks slowly forward.
a man leans forward to pick up an object slightly to his left, and places it down slightly to his right.
person standing bends forward slightly to right to pick something up with both hands and moves item slightly to the left
a person lifts up a box on the right side and puts it on the left side
a man walks forward and then stops.
a person walking down a run way
a person walks straight forward
a person taking something and giving it away
someone picking up something and placing it higher
a person grabs something with their right hand.
a person raises left arm up and at the elbow bends arm up and down twice.
a figure waves its left arm 3 times
the figure flexes its right arm twice.
person does two star jumps then stays still   this was done in centre
a person performs two jumping jacks before stopping and standing.
a person jumps up and down, swinging their arms up and widening their stance each time.
a person squats slightly, bending at the knees.
a person is looking at the ground like he's drop something, then does a slight squat
a man looks behind him, walks backwards, then squats and returns to a standing position.
the body jump spins in a full circle.
a person jumps and twirls clockwise.
a person jumps and does a 360 degree turn with his body.
a man takes one step side to side.
a person is standing and takes a big steps to the left.
a person takes one diagonal step, forward and to the left.
a person walks forward in an askew line.
he walks straddling something, then clumsily walks around another object.
a person walks forward with wide steps left, right, left, right,  left right, then left with the right foot  and right with the left
a man throws a punch in front of him.
a person turns to the right and then punches with their right arm.
a person throws a punch with their right hand.
a person leans to the left with right arm above head.
a person with his left arm up shakes
the person has the right arm raised. he shakes his body with the arm still raised.
the person kept walking side to side to two subs so on so forth thteps to the other side and then two more steps to the other side and stopped
robot stretched his arm down, move to its left first and the move to left position and then stop at center position
a person side steps to their left 2 steps, then right 4 steps and then 3 steps back to starting position.
a man sits down backwards into a backward roll, then returns to a standing position.
person does a backward role
the man rolls backwards happily
a person begins walking forward and raising his arms up and the down and once the arms are down the person stops.
a person walks forward while holding their arms above their head
a person walking forward with both arms raised above his head.
a person crosses their arms then uncrosses them.
a person crosses his arms and returns them to his side.
person is crossing arms.
a man lowers his raised arms, steps forward and the starts scrubbing something in front of him.
a person walks forward and makes a scrubbing motion on something with his right hand.
person starts out with both arms extended, takes two steps forwards, wipes something vigorously using right hand
it looks as though someone is walking down and stepping off of an escalator and is watching the last step where the belt returns.
a man slowly walks forward.
person takes four steps forward slowly and carefully
person walks forward up some steps
a person walking on top of the stage
a person slowly walks up the stairs
a man walks forward in a curve to the right of him.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person turns around to the back then to the side facing right.
a man is standing then turns to the right and left.
a person spins counter clockwise.
man waves with right arm
a person quickly waves with their right hand.
a person waves with right hand, while body sways from side to side
a person repeatedly gets hit in the face, making them stumble backwards.
a person has his left hand on his face.
a person acts like they bumped their head.
a person leaned the hands near to face
the man motions like he is scratching his head.
someone is bent over their plate with a tight grip on their huge burger tearing into it bite by bite until its finished and they sit back up.
a person answers the phone with the left hand.
the person uses their left arm to hold the phone while talking
a person grabed something and drinking it with left hand
a person waves his right hand in the air. he then waves his left hand in the air.
this person stands in place and waves with his right hand then his left hand.
waving hands around near face.
the sim appears to be using their left hand to wipe or wash a window.
a person rubs his upper body and right arm in a counterclockwise motion with his left hand and then rubs his left-arm in a counterclockwise motion with his right hand.
the right arm scrubbing in big circles on the stomach, up to the left arm, and then left arm to the right arm.
person walking forward and to the left making circle.
a man walks forward and then stops.
the person walked  on the bend  to the left.
the man begins standing still. he lifts and kicks his right leg and opposite arm than switches back and forth three times. he than goes back to his beginning position.
a person appears to be exercising while flailing his arms and legs around.
a person performs a three step dance move. first right leg up, then left, then right.
a person raises their left arm above their head and stretches to the right.
a man raises his left hand over his head, the lets it back down next to his hip.
person waves with left arm above head.
a person briskly walks around and falls then gets up.
the person walks with both arms to his side and falls down.
a person uses their hands to clap
a person puts their hands together and does a clasp motion.
a man rubs his hands together.
a person thats walking backwards
a person quickly takes 5 steps backwards.
a person walks backwards in a fairly straight line.
person walks in a full circle anti clockwise
someone just walking around in circle's
leading with his left foot, the person walks counterclockwise in an oval pattern.
the person walks forward, turns around clockwise, walks backwards a few steps and turns around and walks forward.
walking in a random pattern.
a man walks forward and then makes a parabola while walking.
pauses then takes a big step to the left.
a person stepping to the left
after standing still for a few seconds, the man makes on step to the left sideways.
person walking walks forward, turns around and walks back.
he walks forward and then turns around fast and walks back
robot started walking forward and then quickly turned back and start walking.
a person claps their hands
this person stands while slowly clapping his hands.
a man claps both his hands.
a person is stepping to the right.
a person steps to their right
person drags left leg to right hand side and moves right leg out to right as well
a sitting person reaches forward and grabs something close to them, then raises it to their head.
someone scoots in their chair to the right.
a person holds a squatting position while raising their right arm from the elbow.
a person stretching arm outs.
a person doing stretching exercises alternating the arms
a person waves with both hands
a person is walking then takes some steps.
a man walks forward and then wiped his feet several times.
a person walks a few steps forward, then walks in place.
a person runs straight forward.
the person is jogging forward.
a person runs forward while swinging arms.
she twists her trunk and thrusts her right arm up to the sky in front of her, then lowers it and returns to a relaxed pose.
a person reaches up their arm then lowers it
he is boxing left upwards
the man places his right hand on his mouth
a person puts his right hand to his face.
seems to be eating or yawnjng while standing
a person walks up and then down stairs
a person walks up the stairs, turns around, and walks back down the stairs.
a person holds a railing while walking backwards up stairs, then turns around and holds the railing and walks backwards down the same stairs.
a person walks right, then left, then right again, facing perpendicular to their walking dorection and crossing over their feet with each stride.
figure strafes 2 steps left, 4 steps right and 2 steps left again, stopping and starting in same position.
the character side-steps to the right end of the rectangle, then side-steps to the left end of the rectangle before making its way back to the center.
a person walking in a relaxed way.
a man quickly walks forward.
someone moving forward, walking also moving hand
a person stands only on their left leg.
standing on one foot then the other.
person stands on left leg and twists body.
a person walks straight forward at normal pace.
a person walks forward at a normal and constant speed.
a person walks in place
a person raises their hands in front of their face then shifts from side to side.
a person uses his hands to shield his face.
a person is holding a ball looking for who to pass it to.
a person jogs in place.
a man is jogging in place.
the man is making steps with his leg
a man walks around in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a circular motion
a person calmly walks in a clockwise circle and returns to his original position.
a person shifts to the right claps their hands and imitates throws cards out to the side.
the person is throwing something from hands.
a person gets into wide standing squat position then brushes something off right hand with left with vigour
a person with one hand to his head looks around then squats on the ground and puts one hand to his heads while pivoting around
the person holds their head, crouches down on their hands and continues to hold their head.
a person bend the knee and leaned on the floor
a person jogs on place, swaying arms side to side.
a person jogs forward and then stops.
the person is jogging on the spot
a person walks forward and puts up right hand for support as if he is stepping over something.
person is walking down possibly holding a hand rail.
the person walks forward while holding onto something.
person squats down, then jumps while raising his arms above their head. appears to be doing a jumping jack and being active
a person squatting and jumping upward with their arms swinging in the air.
a person crouches and jumps raising arms twice.
the man walked up then started to crow.
person walks straight than bands, reaches the floor where he keeps moving chaotically.
a person walks forward and then leans into the water and moves their hands like a swimming breakstroke.
a figure throws a frisbee or discuss
a person swings both arms in a backhand motion once to the right and swings in a backhand motion again to the right before taking to steps toward the right-handed motion.
the man is doing a tennis backhand
a man is shadowboxing while standing still.
a person throwing a punch with left hand.
person takes one step and uses the right arm to do an uppercut boxing punch
a man does 2 jumping jacks, before lunging forward to push an invisible object.
a man does two jumping jack then lunges forward.
the person is doing jumping jacks and does a lunge.
a person does jumping jacks.
a man performs 5 jumping jack while otherwise maintaining location.
a person energetically performs star jumps.
person is waving hands around.
a person warms up pectorals by waving arms inwards and outwards.
the person is moving around both arms.
a person slowly walks like a mummy in an elongated s shape, with straight legs and arms outstretched.
a person walks with both arms extended out in front of him in a near complete backward s pattern.
the person walks around with arms outstretched in a mummy or zombie type walk.
a person washes himself with his right arm
a person appears to be holding an item with their left hand and is moving their right hand on top of it, then he touches the floor on either side of him with his hands
the man is showering his left arm
standing still not moving.
a person gets pushed backwards softly
a person is softly pushed forward.
a person walks forward then quickly turns around to walk back.
a person spin back real fast
a person walks up and turns back
a person steps forward with their left foot, pivoting to their right and thrusting their right foot out in a kicking motion behind them, then returns to a fighting stance.
a man does a big kick.
the man does a backwards kick.
a red and blue stick figure walks straight and makes a turn to his left.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is washing a window
a person moves their arm in broad strokes up and down, and then back and forth.
a person is waving their right arm up and down and then side to side.
a person going up the stairs.
a man walks forwards and up something while holding onto support with his right hand.
a man raises his right hand to grab on to a stair railing and then lifts his feet one at a time to climb up the stairs.
person starts with arms stretched at side and moves backwards to sit down.
someone stretch arms out wide before sitting down
a person, standing with arms outstretched to his side, lowers his arms, sits down, and places his hands on both knees.
a person raises their hand to their mouth listlessly.
a person raises up their arm as if they are yawning
a person moves their left hand to their mouth.
person trots forward and then turns around
a stick figure without a head seems to be walking up a hill, and then turns around.
a man steps backwards then turns around.
a person leans forward and moves his arm around in a circular motion.
a person walks forward, bends at the waist, and he wipes off something that is knee high with his right hand.
a person takes a few steps forward and then leans forward and makes a petting motion with their hand
a person claps, puts there hands down then claps again, and puts their hands down
someone is clapping, stops and claps again
a person raised the hands and starts clapping it
a person stands on the right leg while bending and moving the left leg in a variety of positions.
the man bends his left leg in many directions above the ground.
a person standing on his right leg does kicking motions with his left
a person walks forward and then backwards and then forward at a slight left angle swinging their left and right arms
a person moving front to back multiple times as if dancing in same spot.
person walks two steps back, then two steps up, then two steps back and two steps forward.
the person is doing ballet twirls.
a person is doing a dance.
a man spins around, plays the air guitar, then does a little dance.
a person walks at a normal pace on a treadmill.
person steadily walks forward. with hands at side.
a person walks forward while slightly swinging their arms.
walking backwards with arms outsteretched
a person puts various items into a bowl, walks backwards, and puts his arms out to the side.
person has hand's in front of them, puts them to their side, and takes two step backwards.
a person walking forward, side by side, then forward, and then side by side again.
the person walks forward side to side
person is walking zig zagged from one side to other side heading down.
a person jogs briskly across the floor
a person is running forward at a steady pace.
a person quickly runs forward.
a person starts to jog in place and then returns to standing still.
a man standing on the ground , starts running on the same spot and then stops towards the end.
skipping backwards while having hands near hips. looks energetic
a person takes a small step forward
a person stands still, and then stumbles a couple of steps forward abruptly without falling down.
a person is pushed forward one step..
a person jogs from the left to the right.
a person walks to the left and then runs right to left, they then walk to the centre slightly slower.
a person who is running from right to left
a person is walking randomly
a person walks to the center in anti clockwise round and walks toward the far right and stands.
the person walks around aimlessly.
the man walks forward, then picks up some greeting cards and starts passing them out.
this person takes two small steps forward, grabs something, then pushes two items away from him.
a figure steps forward and passes an object forward with his hands.
a man takes 1 step forward, then turns to his left, then turns to his right and then turn to his left again.
figure appears to be looking around
a person looks around to his left and right
a person walks forward, stops and stands still
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is walking forward.
man walks slowly forward with arms raised above his head.
a man is walking slowly in a straight line with both arms reached above his head straight up as if he is walking on a balance beam.
a person steps forward with their hands raised overhead
person takes a large step and staggers down walks forward and turns
a person walks around, stepping up and down multiple objects.
a man walks up steps, then steps down as he walks to the right and then he makes a left turn and walks in that direction.
the person is waving goodbye to their friend
a man turns to the left and waves first with his right hand and then with both hands.
a person turns and waves with their right hand, then with both hands and again with just their right hand.
the person is walking then sitting on the floor.
a person is standing and stretches out arms fully to side then bend on both knees while placing left hand on the floor.
a man standing with his feet shoulder width apart raises both arms until they are parallel with the ground.  he then steps forward and gets down on his knees while supporting his weight with his left hand on the ground.
the person is folding arms together than puts arms back to side.
character crosses arm in front of body then lowers arms to the side.
a man standing folds his arms.
the person walked a couple of steps starting with his right foot
person is walking forward slowly then standing.
a man walks walks foward and then stops.
someone walks forward raising his hand also moving
the man walks forward and places his hands on an abject and looks at it.
a person steps out, and places hands outward on something, then down.
a man bends down to crawl on his knees.
a person gets down on all fours and starting crawling around.
a person bends down on the ground, then starts to crawl.
a man steps up and then turns around and steps down.
a person walks up the stairs using their right hand to hold a hand rail. after reaching the top of the stairs they turn around 180 degrees to the right. they then proceed to go down the stairs using the handrail with their left hand.
a man walking up stairs then deciding to turn around and walk back down the stairs.
the person walks in a straight line at a angle to their right, then turns around and jogs back to the start.
the person is walking and then turning around and walking the other way
a person walking across the room turns around and walks back briskly.
robot doing exercise. stretching his arms and legs.
person is doing jumping jacks
the person does star jumps
a person raises his right arm and then waves at someone.
a person waiving looking straight and then turning attention to the left.
a person raises their hand, turns to their right while waving, and then stops and lowers their hand.
a standing person gently sways back and forth from left foot to right foot.
a person is standing in one place gently moving his legs.
a person swaying from side to side
a person steps back with the right leg first into a fighting stance and then brings both of their fists out to their face, then brings their left leg back and fakes a punch with their right arm
a person makes a fists up motion followed by a wiping motion
a person is moving his right hand in a circle clockwise
man does a roundhouse kick spinning counter-clockwise and finishes standing.
a person swings their body and jumps in the air to do a spin kick.
a person does a roundhouse kick.
a man folds his arms in front of him.
a person crosses their arms at their chest and then puts them back down.
he folds his hands in front of himself.
a person pers someing with right hand then scratches something with left have and then steps backwards
the person walks forward a step, grabs a cucumber to slice, slices it, and then steps back.
a person is trying to open up a jar
a person swings their arms around while twisting then grabs their right elbow.
a man walks forward and moves his torso swinging his arms from side to side.
man begins standing with left arm above right elbow, makes a motion as if to dive off a diving board then twists torso.
a person is in a upright position then goes into a squat position two times moving arms and hands to there chin
a person squats up and down multiple times.
execising by doing leg squats
a person walks around in an "s" line.
a man walks in multiple directions.
a person walking in a serpentine pattern.
a person grabbed something and throw it away
the person moves their hands as if throwing something.
a person brings the hands together in the center of the body, then rotates the hands to the left side, then to the center, then throws both hands into the air, separating at the top of trajectory.
the drunk guy struggles to walk down the street
the person is scampering around swinging his arms and legs.
person is walking in an unbalanced and silly way
person walks with both arms straight forward
walks and stumbles around with the arms out in front of the body.
a person is sleepwalking in a zigzag pattern.
a person raises their left hand and points forward.
a figure slowly raises its left hand and arm in a cheers gesture
the person puts his left hand out
the person is lifting something with his left arm.
person stands stagnant while waving their right hand back and forth.
right hand on the hip while the left hand continuously bending at the elbow back and forth.
a person leans down to grab something then rubs it on something
a person bends toward the ground reaching with their right arm, and then stands back up and holds his right arm up waving it quickly in small circles before bending back down toward the ground reaching with right arm.
the person is picking up and moving something.
the man stads still twitching his thumbs.
a person stayed on the place
a person stands motionless then slightly twitches the right hand.
a person has both hands on his legs.
a person sits on a stool,
person stays still while their knees are slightly bent. look to be relatively still
a person holds their hands up to their face, holding something, then puts them back down to their sides.
someone yell with hands to his face
a person cups their hands around their mouth, in an effort to shout at someone.
a person roates their arm in circular motions, in varying sizes
a person is moving his right arm in a circular motion.
a person is cleaning a window
a person stayed on the place
a person  is standing there.
he is standing still but suddenly move right a little.
person walks slowly down some stairs using a railing.
a person walks down stairs while using something for balance
a man uses left arm as support as he walks down a flight of stairs.
the person touches their face over and over.
person keeps touching their face
the person is using his hand gesture to touch his nose.
he was waving his hand
a person is waving around
a person waves with their right hand.
someone trying to throw something
person throws item with right hand then catches something with both hands
the person throws an object with their right hand, leading with the left foot, then catches something with both hands, recoiling downward
a person sits down cross legged then stands back up
a person crosses their legs to sit down and then right before they sit down they stand back up
a person bends down to sitting position with arms pressing ground.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle calmly with arms swinging to his sides.
a person walks around in a circle.
the sim walks in a circle starting but not completing a second loop.
a person walks confidently in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a circle turning left.
starting with the right foot the figure takes 15 full stept in a left gand circle and slightly overlaps before coming to a stop on a partial 16th step with the left foot.
a person squats down on their legs while bringing their left hand up to their face.
a person squats and twitches their right arm while moving their left arm in small circles.
a person is in a squat position, eating.
a person is using their left hand to stack something on top of what is in their right hand
a person rotates an object counter-clockwise
a person is picking something up and tilting it to the right.
a person in squat position while extending elbows
person presents in a squat elbows flexed he extends  elbows then flexes arms again
he picks up something (maybe a magazine) using both hands and brings it close to his face.
the man takes wide steps forward.
a man walks gradually down a few steps with his arms loosely by his side.
a person walks forward and appears to walk down steps and stops.
a person walks in a semi-circular pattern, tip-toeing.
a person slowly and carefully walks in a curved line.
person looks to be walking with a purpose ( maybe exercise)  and doing so while rotating their hips. the person is then slowed down towards the end of the sequence
a person is sitting, and talking with their hands.
a person lifts and waves left hand, then drops the hand, then raises both hands and waves them.
the person is sitting in just did a little wrist movement.
person is walking back and forth turning around.
a person walks and turns right to walk back.
a person walks forward the turns around and walks back.
a person stands on their tiptoes and shakes
a person lifts arms above head jumps quickly several times.
person is hopping slightly up and down very fast with their hands up in the air
a figure drops to its hands and knees, crawls two steps, turns counterclockwise to crawl another two steps, then stands.
the figure gets on all fours, crawls diagonally forward to the left, turns around, crawls diagonally backwards to the right, and then stands.
a person kneels, crawls forward, turns around and crawls back to their original location and then stands up.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
someone is jumping up and down with also moving arms up and both legs out.
a person does three jumping jacks.
a man steps to the right before sitting down and the quickly gets up.
person standing backs up and sits down and stands back up and walks forward!
person side steps to left then sits down
a main raises his arms from his side parallel to the ground, then lowers them again to his side.
a person has both their arms outstretched and their arms pointing straight out on each side. the person then relaxes their arms and go back to their original pose. the person does this twice.
flapping arms like a bird
person lifts right arm in front of them, bends arm and tilts wrist as if to look at a watch.
a person looks at his right hand.
a body stands tall raises his right arm angled holds for 3 seconds & then releases.
a person walks backwards then turns their back to continue to walk before turning around and walking back the other way.
a person begins to walk backwards, turns around and walks, then turns around and walks back to the original position.
a person walks backward before turning back and walking forward.
walks forward with a wide gait. person seems confident and aggressive
a person walks confidently in a straight line
a person walks straight forward
a person is walking forward and slightly to the left.
the body walks straight forward in a normal pace.
a person walks someone in a straight line
a man walks forwards and turns left in a semicircle.
a person walks forward and then turns 90 degrees left and stops.
a person walking in a curved line to the left.
a person is doing jumping jacks on the spot
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person doing jumping jacks. (jumping spreading their feet out and hands up, then jumping back again with feet together and hands down.. repeat)
a man is standing still, then shuffles to the right quickly.
person is jumping themselves back from something.
someone shuffling to the right twice.
the person is wipin or moving something.
a person in a squatting position moves his arms one at a time
a man is sitting down while turning a steering wheel.
a person stands still then puts their hands on their hip.
person stands still, then puts their hands on their hips.
a person stands with arms at his side and them raises them like putting them on his hips.
someone is talking on the cell phone
a person uses their hand to scratch their ear while slowly taking a step forward.
a person scratches their head while swaying back and forth.
a person is waving his right hand.
a person waves at something in front of them with their right hand.
the person is shaking some thing with his right hand.
a person is clapping his hands.
a person lifts their hands to their chest and begins to clap.
a person brings both hands together near their chest and rubs their hands mischievously before dropping them back to their side
a person walks turning to the right.
figure is walking straight and turning left
someone is walking and then turning to their right
a person does a quick wheel-like spin kick with left leg, pivoting on right leg while both arms resume fighting gesture.
a person with their right foot in front of their left foot and arms up in front of them, brings the back foot up in a sweeping kick motion while their left hand reaches down to the ground and does a full circle and returns back
a person doing a spin kick with right foot planted.
person sits for while and then gets up and walks to left
a person stands up from sitting, and then walks away.
a person stands up from sitting, turns and walks away.
a human figure is seen waving its arms in the arm to get the attention of someone
a person waves both their hands over their head.
a person is waving with the arms wide open
this figure is happily strolling as if he won something
person hops on legs from back right to front left
a person skips, stops and stands.
a man seems to be putting things away.
a person standing moving left arm in different directions.
the person is reaching for soemthing.
a person lifts their hands over their heads and bounces slightly on their toes
a person raises both hands above head looks like they are about to receive a catch of sorts from something
a person raises their hands above their head and bounces on their toes.
a man walks forward turns around counter-clockwise and walks back.
a person walks forwards, pivots on their left foot and swings back around to walk back in the opposite direction
person is walking the other way.
the person is standing and then lifts his right arm.
a person stands in one spot before waving or high-fiving with their right hand.
a person gives a high five
a person is standing and looks like they are scooping something with right hand. then person walks forward but slightly to the right and then turns and places something on a surface.
a man moves an object with his right hand.
a person handles an object, walks a few steps and then sets it down.
a person is lifting weights
a person is moving their hands up and down
a person is lifting weights using both of their hands.
a person lunges forward thrusting their left hand out at the same time
a person lunges forward with their left leg and puts their left hand up at different intervals going downward.
a person lunges forward and strikes with their left hand several times.
the person is walking like a human monkey.
a person does a scary gesture with its arms and does a 180 circle.
a person showing his muscular body to the crowd while moving clockwise
person holds onto a rail with right hand and walks up 4 steps, turns around, holds rail with left hand and proceeds down the steps
a person walking up an elevated surface and then walking back down with the help of a handrail
a man steps up before turning around and stepping down.
the person is walking around slowly.
this persn is doing a "jazz box", 8 steps to complete it, (with no turning) starting with the left foot side, right foot back, left back and cross behind, right foot side, left foot forward, right foot cross in front of left  and repeat one more time then step back to original postion.
a person walks awkwardly in a counter clockwise motion.
someone is mostly standing in place and then moving their arm up
someone standing still then waves right hand.
the person is standing there and waiving hi with one hand
a person jogs and throws an object
the figure jogs in place, then runs forward and thrusts a javelin forward with its right arm.
a person jogs in place then throws an item as if it is a javelin.
man is putting his phone in his hip pocket.
a person hold something in their hand and pits it in the pocket.
someone taking one step back, then one step forward.
a person is jumping up and down
person does two jumps in same spot without lifting arms
person takes two small hops
person walks forward and to the right
the man walks in a curve to the left.
a walking man makes a right turn.
a man steps forward and then crosses his arms.
a person walks forward and moves their arms
person walks forward one step and uses the italian "f-u" hand sign to end up in a gangster stance
a person steps sideways - left leg first followed by right
a person is pushed from the right side and quickly recovers with their left foot.
a man is standing and slides to the left.
someone is doing jumping jacks
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person jumps up  and down while shifting their arms up and down.
this person walks forward, grabs something with his right hand and walks back then repeats it.
moving forward and take some thing  go back after once again come front take some thing and go.
a person walks forward, then grabs something with right arm, then walks back
cheerfully walking forward with each step.
a person who is waling straight ahead
someone walks forward at a casual pace.
the right hand goes to the left and the left hand goes upward to the face.
a person knocking on a surface multiple times
a person appears to be dancing while moving their arms.
person is adjuting something on top shelf
the person was making a hand gesture with his right arm.
a person lifts both of their arms then puts them back down. they then salute with their right arm and drop it back down. they then salute with their right arm again and put it back down again.
a person waves both arms in a back and forth motion.
a person waving someone down.
a man pulls both his arms up to shoulder level then reaches twice towards his head. his arms then return to the side.
he jumps over the beam
balancing forward with arms out to the side of the body.
a person is walking with both arms spread out.
the man looks at his phone then giggles.
a person grabbed something with both hands
the person is putting on their headphones.
a person walks forward and stops.
the man takes 5 steps.
a man is walking forward
the man performed a tennis smash that won the match.
a person throws something from their right hand.
the person is striking a tennis ball unenthusiastically
a man jogging hastily, steps to his right and stops.
a person walks forward and then right
this person walks toward the front then turns right.
the person is walking forward.
a person walk downwards at a very slight diagonal to the right hand of center.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms
person has their hand on their head while moving around in random directions. appears to be fatigued and sick
a person staggers while walking forward, holding their right arm forward with their hand holding something
the person is on the phone i think.
a man gets on his knees having both hands in the floor and started crawling.
a man gets down on all fours and crawls to his left, shifts, and then crawls to the right.
a person kneels down and gets on all-fours, possibly looking for something on the ground.
a person is sitting down and turning a steering wheel.
a man squatted down, moving arms left and right.
a man is crouching and moves both of his arms.
person siting down dials phone then stands up to walk while taking then sits back down and ends call
a man is sitting and reading then stands up, walks around, and sits back down.
a seated perosn talks on the phone and then stands to walk in a circle.
person is waving with their right hand
a man waves with his right hand.
a person waves with right hand.
a man supports himself with his right hand, carefully going down to his knees.
a man grabs somthing with his right hand, and then kneels down on the ground.
a person kneels down on both knees.
a person crosses their arm.
a man folds his arms across his body.
person raises arms to chest then folds arms tapping right  hand on left elbow twice
a man standing crosses his arms over his chest.
person appears to have hands on hips and then crosses arms.
a person places their hands on their hips very briefly before crossing them over their chest.
a man walks forward and then stops.
the man goes down 4 steps.
a person walks down stairs alternating their feet, starting on the right foot
a man does a dance, shuffles backward, and dances again.
a man is doing karate moves.
a person dances on the spot while waving their right arm in the air, then poses with legs splayed and arms outstretched
a person jogs on the spot, then stands still
a person goes into a short jog before stopping.
a person jogs forward with arms moving to his side.
a person doing jumping jacks , with a short pause in between.
a person raises his arms from the side over his head while jumping to spread his legs to the side.
a man jumps up whilst his arms swing from downwards to upwards
a person breaks into a quick jog forward.
a person runs straight forward.
a person jogs forward and then stops.
a person waddling forward and turning to the left
a person takes six short steps (perhaps tip-toeing), then an additional step, while panning their head slowly to the left.
a person walks down a path then turns torso and looks to the left
move forward with right leg and then throw forward with both arms after moving back and putting right leg forward again and then throwing afterwards moving back.
person raises arms in a throwing motion throws , steps back and throws again
a person raises both hands over his head, then steps forward with his right foot and throws something forwards and to the right before repeating the motion.
person stands feet shoulder length apart then raises arms shoulder level once
a person is crouched and then raises their arms
a person stretches both arms out to the side.
a person walks turning to the left.
a person walks slightly to the right forward
a person lifts things from low in front of them with their right arm and places the things on the left and right hand side.
person picks up objects an moves them.
a person is pushing something back and forward with their right hand.
stick figure does jumping jacks
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks raising their arms above their head.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle.
person nearly walks in a full circle clockwise
a person in the process of walking in circle who stopped 3/4 way through it
a person lowers their arms to their sides, claps once, and then walks diagonally to the left.
a man is clapping his hands and walking few steps forward towards right direction.
he puts arms wide then lets go
person raises their left hand over the head and slowly takes a step backwards.
a man waves with his left hand.
person waves left arm, uses left foot and takes a step back
a man does 3 jumping jacks, then stops with his hands resting by his sides.
a person does star jumps on the spot.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is running on the spot.
a person runs in place.
person is warming up by jogging on the spot
a person picks something up, tilts it, and then places it back.
pretend to hold something and moves it
a person carries something with both arms.
a person raised the hands up and moved in every direction
dancing link barathanatiyam on the floor.
a person has their arms spread out and starts dancing.
a person with arms above the head, raises them even further.
figure extends arms into the air and throws them in a victorious manner.
a person standing and lifting their arms above head.
a person is walking on an upward slope.
a man walks forward and then stops.
a person relaxed and  walking uphill.
a person walks in from top right, stumbles and dodges something, then walks forward to the left, then walks backward to the right and dodges something again.
a person lightly jogging in an athletic stance forward then rreverse
a person is trying to dodge some thing.
person is jumping in place.
a person makes a short jump up in place, then shuffles right to left.
this person jumps in place then steps left 3 times.
a person holding something walks forward and places it down, then turns around and walks.
a person picks up a chair and moves it to the left.
a person pulled down something on the floor and back grabbed something with right hand
a person took four steps forward.
a person takes four steps forward, then stops.
a person starts from an stand still, walks straight forward, and stops.
a person does double bicep curls with dumbbells.
a person is lighting weights with both hands.
the man lifts two dumbells with both hands
a person jumps up and down 3 times landing dominantly on their right foot.
a man hops three times in a row.
person jumps with both legs three times and left hand moves slightly by a wrist action
a man steps forward and walks in a quarter circle to the left
the person takes a couple of steps then turns left
a person walks in a semi-circle
a man walks around in a complete circle.
a person slowly walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a circular clockwise direction one time before returning back to his/her original position.
person is walking to the other end.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person walks from left to right swinging his/her arms back and forth.
the person is walking forwards slowly then trips
the person is walking forward before he stumbles forward as if being pushed in the back
person walks and trips and almost falls
a man walks forward and turns on his right leg than walks in the opposite direction.
a person walks forwards, and turns around on their right foot.
a person walks forward a few steps, then turns around and walks back to where they started
a person shifts on his feet and then walks up stairs.
a person navigates going up a set of stairs
a man is standing still and then starts to follow a wiggly blue line along the floor, appearing to step up
a person runs forwards in a vaguely straight line.
a person runs forwards and comes to a slow stop.
a person runs forward then stops.
a man walks slowly forwards.
a person walks forward slowly
a person slowly takes five steps forward.
a person gets down on all fours, then crawls across a room in that same position.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls diagonally across the room before getting back up
a person moves to the right, gets on the ground and starts to crawl to the left.
a person standing and crossing their arms in a hugging motion.
a person crossing their lower arms.
a person crosses their arms and then puts them back to their side.
a man is playing golf.
a person stands with their knees slightly bent and their arms extended directly towards the ground holding something such as a golf club before swinging smoothy
person puts hands together and takes a golf swing to the left.
a person jogging in place.
a person jogs in place.
a person jogs on the same spot.
a person in standing position with arms at side, then rubbing both hands together, then dropping arms back side to side.
a person clasps hands and rubs them vigorouslh before returning hands to the side of the body.
a person raises their hands together and rubs them vigorously, then brings their arms back down to their sides.
a person walking fast down stairs.
a person places their right hand on something then takes several steps down as they walk forward while sliding their hand along the object.
he walks slowly downstairs directly
a person stretching their right arm
a man clasps his hands to the side and then unclasps them.
a man stretching his right arm.
a person is walking down the stairs backwards.
a man carefully walks downstairs backwards
a man steps up and then stops.
the man does a crazy break dancing routine
man breakdances around moving up and left.
a person is break dancing.
a person walks forward and toward the left hand side.
a person taking cautious steps forward.
the person walks forward and stops.
a person does the my little teapot dance.
person puts hands on their hips, then reaches out, but then takes their right hand and puts it on their hip, and props their left arm in the air.
a person puts their right hand on their hip, then raises and bends their left arm, simulating a tea pot.
person is doing cart wheels
the person is doing cartwheels.
a person does a cartwheel, spins and does another cartwheel.
a person goes backward in a almost straight line fashion while both arms are hanging down and swaggering.
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person backs up slowly.
a man jumps while spinning in a circle.
a person jumps and twists around in the air.
a person almost makes a backwards spin .
the person is catching and throwing a football.
a person practices a throw with the left arm, and receives with the right
a person throwing something and catching it again
the person moves their hands as if looking for something in a refrigerator or cabinet.
stick figure using its hand to descride or motion someone
a person is talking and describing the subject with their hands.
a person wriggles like a snake.
a person bends their left arm at the waist, before sticking out their right arm straight forward and rotating clockwise
a person uses right arm to pull sliding glass door
the person raises both hands overhead. the person then jumps upwards with both hands overhead and returns to the standing position with arms at sides of the body.
a person reaches up with both hands, jumps up slightly while throwing with both hands, then lowers his hands as he lands.
a person uses both hands to throw something
the man is waiting for the bus
a person stands, leaning and staring to their left, before looking at their watch and pacing
the person is waiting for his ride.
a person makes a gold swing motion swinging to the left.
the person is playing golf.
a person holds an object in front of them and makes a wide swing.
a person hops off the ground twice.
a person jumps in place twice with feet shoulder-width apart.
a person jumps to the left and then jumps straight up.
person is slowly walking down.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks straight forward and avoids gap.
a person walks forward slowly feet together balancing carefully
a person walks in a straight line one foot at a time.
person carefully walks forwards. appears to be attempting to balance themselves
a person raised his hads, and doing the warm up
a person extends their arms back and forth
person stretches arms in front of body and repeats
a person uses their left hand to pour something over the right.
a person holds left arm.
a man touches his right arm and the moves his arm back.
a man is swinging from a bar and then dismounts.
person is swinging from a bar at the playground.
a person holds onto somthing and swings their legs
a person starts walking in the shape of a quarter circle.
a person walks slowly forward while moving to the left.
a person walks forward, turns left and continues to walk, then stops.
a person walking trying to avoid things in his way on the floor.
a person take varying size steps to the left and right while walking forward.
the person is walking around a little wobbly.
a person slowly walked backward, and sat on the knee and hands
the person backed up to do a handstand.
a man walks forward and attempts to do a cartwheel, sits down and then stands up again.
a person claps with their hands
a person claps their hands together in front of them.
the person is clapping.
a person is walking backwards slowly.
a person is walking backwards very carefully.
a person walks backwards and stops.
moving hands up and down in sync.
a person is reaching up on their tiptoes.
lean forward tiptoe reach for
person is moving an object to the side.
the person picks something up from their left and places it on the right
using both arms in a holding motion from right to left slowly then back again.
a person does several cartwheels.
a person does three cartwheels
he does cartwheels then stops
person leans to the left falls forward and staggers right
a person walks forward and bumps into something
person runs forwards with legs tilted at an angle, then jumps forwards before losing balance and stumbling to the left. looks clumsy, almost playful
a person is spinning around with their arms spread wide.
the person is doing a spin wheel dance.
a man spins around with his arms raised and then lowers them.
motion of body moves to its left and then to its right.
person is likely moving something around.
a person lifts something, moves it to the left, and then places it back.
a person jogs in place
a person jogs in place then stops.
a man is running on the spot.
a person stepping back quickly in effort to avoid something.
a person is pushed backwards.
a person standing quickly takes 2 steps backwards and remains standing.
a man stretching back and forth side to side
a person appears to be doing something with both hands; perhaps wringing out a towel.
a person is acting as if they are a monkey.
a man walks around in a circle.
the man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in a circle.
a man picks something up and moves it to the side before putting it back down.
a person gestures to the ground, and then to the right, and then back to the ground
person picks up something, holds it, then puts it back down
a person is sitting and then with their right hand they move their hand up and down with their palms facing up
a person sits, both hands on thighs, lifts right hand, bent at the elbow, moving arm up and down.
a person has their hands on their knees and moves his right hand.
a person shoots a bow and arrow.
a man reaches behind himself with his right hand, brings it forward and then draws it behind himself again with his left hand streched out in front.
right hand goes behind the head then meets the left hand that is straight out in front of the body, for the right hand to pull back in a sling motion to release.
a person walks forward 4 steps.
a man walks forward with his hands stiff at his sides.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man bends his knees and rocks back and forth.
someone stands with their knees slightly bent and shifts their weight back and forth.
the person is squatting to the left and right.
a person is shaking greatly while moving awkwardly and staring at their hand.
a person holds a phone with both hands, types on the phone, then holds it to their head with their left hand while walking side to side.
a man appears to use left hand to hold a phone, the right hand to dial a number and again the left hand to hold to his left ear to call someone in a nervous manner.
the person crouches and walks forward.
the person slouches, leans from side to side as the walk forward
the person is walking creepily.
a person steps forward with right leg walking in a circle clockwise motion swinging arms and returns to their original standing point
person is walking in a clockwise direction, in a seemingly normal stance
the person is walking in a circle.
a person stands for a moment, then walks quickly forward, turns, and walks the other way.
a figure looks from side to side before striding forward then turns and walks back where they came from
a person walks on a diagonal turns around and walks back to his original spot
figure appears to be dancing and incorporates a nice slide in there
the man slide steps to the left the snaps his fingers as he walks away.
a person slides to their forward left side then circles clockwise as they move their righ arm as if listening to a beat.
a person walks and steps over gap.
slightly swaying their hips, a person walks down a set of stairs.
a person walks forward holding their shoulders still
a person does the chicken dance.
someone flapping their arms and moving their body to the left and right like a chicken.
a person flaps their arms back and forward repeatedly before letting them down.
a slow gallop in a clockwise circle then sits down on the ground.
a man moves clockwise while jumping side to side then sits down.
someone skips in a circle to their left before falling backwards.
person appears to try to move out of the way of something then puts both arms up and out.
a person sidestepped to his left, stepped right about two steps, took one small cross step turned half way clockwise, took two more steps backwards and ended with raised arms.
a person sidesteps out of the way to avoid something on the floor.
a person walks forward then to the left.
person walks half circle ant clockwise
a person walks forward then makes a left
the person looks at his left hand.
person lifts up his left hand to look at something in it
person waves their left hand
person is sitting and waving.
a person squats , moving left hand in circles.
person squatting or sitting at the table and eating with right hand
a stick figure's right and left arms are moving up and down while a board under the stick figure's feet moves left and right.
a person raises their right arm above their head and waves it
a person holds their arms out with one above shoulder height and one below, and then dances.
a person is walking in a squiggly pattern.
a man walks in a very large s curve formation.
a person is walking around and comes to a stop.
a man moves his left arm in front him.
a person is washing themselves with their left hand.
a man is standing up while bringing his left hand to his chest then uses the left hand to lather/wash his chest in a circular motion.
a man walks forward in a parabol motion,
the figure almost stumbles as if they are walking through a door into a building, walking around after as if they are trying to catch themselves or make it look like an accident.
this person walks around right to left in a calm manner.
the figure walks and takes a leap forward landing then moving forward.
a person runs forward then jumps while swing arms, then walks forward
a person runs quickly downward and jumps over something, then walks downward towards the right hand side.
the person is picking up something.
a person leans forward and picks something up off the ground with their right hand.
a man steps forward with his left leg and bends down to pick up an object with his left arm, then stands back up.
a person performs a jump forward
a person squat jumps forward
the person is jumping forward.
the person is working on something.
a person is combing their hair
a figure raises both arms above head, moving hands back and forth over head.
a person walks forward and in the middle of walking takes a greater step and continues
a person walks diagonally from the left to right.
a man walks forward shifting to the left.
a person lifts the arms and moves their hands up and down, then stops.
person is doing a drumming motion with his hands.
a person standing still while moving both arms up and down in front of them
a person stands up from the ground, walks in a clockwise circle, and then sits back on the ground.
a person's legs are bent and in a squat position and uses his right arm to take out an object from his hip area and puts that object up to their head and then puts it back.
a person is in the squatting position, while staying squatted they reach out with their right hand to grab an object, then brings it back to his other hand and seems to fidget with the object.
a person walks from side to side with their arms hanging loosely.
a person paces back and forth
a person walks left and right as if they are nervously pacing.
a man jumps forward using both feet. he lands on both feet.
the person is jumping forward.
takes a big jump forward with both feet at the same time.
the person is picking something and putting it on a shelf.
a person dips down to the left with their right hand, picks something up, turns back to the right and makes a washing motion with their right hand at head level.
person standing with both arms out, then bends down to the right picks up something takes it to the left.
the man is pretending to be a fish
the person is casting a fishing rod.
both hands together moving up and down and back and forth in a wavy motion.
he stands with his legs bent and arms raised to shoulder level and places his hands on his knees.
the man drops his hand to his knees pauses then raises his arms again.
a person lifting both arms, and holding them up.
a person walks forwards and then backwards without turning and forwards again.
he first begins by stepping with his right leg and than follows with his left. he takes steps and then walks backwards three steps, than steps again four steps than stops.
the person walks forward, then paced backwards, then walked forward again
the person is drying of the front of some thing.
person is wiping something in front of them
the person drives the dishes with the rag
a person walks straight forward very slowly.
a man slowly walks forward with his arms at his side.
he walks slowly forward directally
person goes from sranding position, then slowly bends with arms towards floor to brace themselves while bending knees and sitting down on the ground. once seated crosses legs and sits indian style.
a person sat on the floor with croosing legs, and after he stand up
a person crouches down to sit then stands.
a man turns to his right and uses his right hand to hit something held in his left hand underhand, readies himself, then hits something coming in from on high overhand with his right hand.
the person is swinging both his hands around
walking to the side and throwing something.
a person walks forward, pivots on their left foot, and walks back.
a person walks forward than turns 180 degrees.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person walks diagonally to the left, turns around, and walks diagonally to the right.
a person walks right to left diagonally swinging his left arm and then walks back.
a man grabbing an item off of a shelf and putting it into a cart.
a man takes an object from the left with both of his hands and places it down on the right
person reaches to right and appears to pick something up and place it in front of them
a person moves their right hand in a clockwise motion in front of them at chest level
a person stirring something with the right hand.
a person standing still and moving his right hand in a clockwise direction.
walks forwards, steps body to the side, and then waves. looks approachable and is speaking to a crowd
a figure walks in a sidestep motion as if marching, then pantamimes a motion as if to play a trombone; his left and right arm extending back and forth deliberatly
a person is waving their left hand while holding a microphone.
a person runs forward from the right to the left.
a person runs quickly to the right.
a person is running in a slighted line.
a person walking down a stage.
a person walking in a fast pace
the person is walking forward very fast.
the figure walks forward and picks something up with their right hand before turning around and walking forwards.
a person walks forward waves red hand ,walks back , then forward again.
the person is walking forward swinging his hands.
a person reaches up with right hand and grabs head, then leans left and walks forward.
the person is rubbing the side of his head with his right hand
a person puts their right hand on their head while stumbling.
a person carefully walks forwards, before lifting their right leg high over an obstacle, then their left leg, and walks forwards.
a person walks forward then lifts right leg over, followed by left leg before continuing in a straight line.
the person is walking forward and kicking around.
person walks from back centre to slightly front right
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward.
this figure seems to be casually waking
person walks forward then proceeds to turn around to walk back to where he started at
a person walks up, turns around and walks back
a person picks up an object, turns towards the right and holds the object, the person turns back towards the left and replaces the object.
a person puts their left hand above their right on the right side, then back on the side of her legs.
someone picks something up and shows it to their right before setting it back down.
the person is walking around waving.
while standing, person performs 2 biceps curls with right arm, then 1 bicep curl with left arm
a man with a shaking disorder learns to wave
a person jauntily skips forward.
a person playfully walks forwards, hopping slightly with each step.
a man steps forward and sits down on the ground.
a man squats down slowly and takes a seat.
a person approaches and squats.
a person is leaning forward and making rapid movements with their right arm.
a boxer throws a left uppercut.
a person is working a machine
a person raises their right hand then puts it back down.
a person puts a hand to their ear to indicate they cannot hear.
someone greeting while standing and raising hand
the picks up something with his left and then walks forward.
a person walking down a run way.
a person picks something up and walks straight forward
a person takes two steps to the left, takes three steps to the right, then finally takes one step back to the left.
a person cautiously steps sideways, from one end to the other on a platform .
the man side steps to his left and then to the right, before returning to his original position.
a man uses his right arm to unzip his pants
a person moves their right hand in a downward gesture.
a person undoes trousers with right hand.
person moves on obstacle carefully with arms shoulder height for balance
a person walks in a stright line with both arms out to the side as if to walk on a balance beam
a person holds out their arms and walks forward.
the person is picking up something.
a man picks up a box and bends knees while doing so.
a person picks something up
the person swatted at someone with his right arm.
person throwing something on the ground
man raises right arm and brings it down quickly in front of the body.
the person got down on one bended knee.
the man bends down on his left knee and then stands up he then bends down on his right knee then stance up
man bend down on left knee, stand back up, then bend down with right knee to balance himself out.
a person doing robot dance moves
he acts like he is a weight lifter showing off, then raises his right arm and left arm towards his side
a person does the "i'm a little teapot" dance.
a person lifts weight above their head and then squats down and back up.
a person holds something above their head then squats down
a person lifts a weight once.
person walks forwards, uses left hand to move objects around, then walks backwards again. appears to be combining items together, like making a sandwich
a person walks forward, picks something up with the right hand, then walks backwards to original position.
a person takes two steps forward, picks up something, and then takes two steps backwards.
a person walks backwards with uncertain balance, diagonally to the right.
a person slowly walks backwards with their arms at their side to balance
a person walking backwards stumbles slightly.
moving forward in a crawl position, then gets back up jogging backwards then walks forward.
a person crawls forward then stands up and runs backwards.
someone is on all fours.
this person with knees bent moves his right arm forward as if to catch something.
raising hands then again.
a person raised the right hand and showed some jesture
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
jogging around in a circle
a person runs in a spiral circle.
a person slight runs forward then stops.
a man makes a stubbling foward movement and then stops.
a person stumbles forward and then regains their balance.
a man moves his hand up in the air.
a person is grabbing something on top of a waist high surface and is placing the item across from where it was on a higher shelf.
the video shows stick figure moving forward using his hands and feet.
the man waves his hands then spreads his arms.
a man with both arms bent at the elbows, flaps his arms slightly, then out stretches his arms.
someone warming up while standing
a person shuffles to the left, then to the right, then back to the left.
a person moves three steps to the left, four steps to the right and two steps back in a side step motion.
person is walking sideways.
a person standing still and waving their right hand
the person knocks with their left hand
a person doing an exercise called  bicep curls.
a person kicking a ball.
a man steps forward and swings his right leg like he is kicking a ball.
a person runs forward and seems to kick something with his left foot, after which he regains balance and returns to a neutral standing position
someone completes a full jumping jack before stopping.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person is doing a jumping jack.
stands still then walks forward
walks side to side in a zigzag.
a person walks forward slowly.
both hands go to the middle of the chest then do a clapping motion together.
a person giving an applause
a person claps their hands
person is running straight ahead
the man runs like a girl.
a man quickly runs forward before stopping.
person squats with both knees bent, bringing hands together at chest, then straightens legs to jump straight upwards but lands slightly to their right considering their beginning position
someone jumps to their left, landing on both feet, then does a quick squat.
a person squats down and jumps up.
a person stumbling to their right side.
a person is pushed to his right side.
a person is pushed to the right to standstill.
a person throws something with their right hand
someone throws withtheir right hand.
a person rotates upper body to the right and throws right arm forward in throwing motion
a person walking forward slowly
a person walks down a slope, moving slightly to the right.
a man walks forward down a slope.
a person bends down at the waist and picks up something from the floor with both hands and places the object to the right side, then turns to the left side and grabs something waist high with both hands.
a person bends down to pick up a heavy item from the ground using both hands and gives it to another person.
the person picked up something on the right and set it on the left.
a man turns around and does a cartwheel to the right and then to the left.
person facing forward rubs hands together, turns to the right, proceeds to do a cartwheel landing unsteadily on left foot, then does another cartwheel back to initial position
a person does a cartwheel.
[from 0s - 3s] a person in t pose quickly squats down before kicking their right leg out to the side twice and reaching across their body with the same arm concurrently.
the person is doing a right foot squat
a person performs a dance while squatting down and moving their arms several times.
a person jumps upwards once
a person standing then jumps once
a person jumps vertically once.
a person is walking counterclockwise.
walking around at a bend going counterclockwise.
the stick figure is  calmly walking in a leter c form.
person drinks from a can
a man pivots from side to side while holding his right hand towards his face.
a person slowly swings their body while their hand is on their head.
a person clutches sides and back with backache.
the person moves their hands around their torso while hunching over.
the person activities like pregent women.
a man is lying down on his left side, pushign up with both hands he stands up into a squatting position and lifts his right arm up to his head; man stands straight up.
someone is standing up from the ground and staying hunched before finally standing up straight.
a man gets up from the ground and crouches, then puts their right hand on their head, then takes it down and stands up.
a person walks forward and turns to the right.
a person walks forward in a curved path to the right.
a person walks towards the left hand side, turning slightly counter-clockwise.
a person goofily walks around in a clockwise motion.
a person is taking clockwise steps in the room.
a man walks slowly in a circle with his elbows bent.
the person standing still looking around.
a man turns his head right and then left.
a person is standing still and looking around
this person pushes away with his right hand then lifts both arms to his sides.
the person reaches out their right arm and hand to grab and retrieve an object.
the person is picking something up and putting it down.
person looks like they are walking up stairs.
the legs alternate steps to climb upwards.
a person walks up a flight of stairs.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a man walks around in a circle.
a person holds its hand together and then kicks with its left leg.
a person low kicks with right foot.
man is facing forward with both arms at his side and feet should width apart. he pivots on his left foot while bringing hands together and does a low kick with his right foot. he brings pivots back to his original position
a person walks forward starting with their right foot.
a person moves forward, stepping down from something.
someone slowly bows twice, then raises their right hand as if to high-five or wave hello.
a person bends down twice as if to bow, and then lifts their left arm twice.
a person appears to bow twice, then give someone a high-five twice with their left hand.
a man lifts his left hand to his head and then puts his arm back down.
a standing man bring his left hand to his face for a moment and then drops his left hand to his side.
someone casually runs their left hand through their hair.
a man takes several steps backwards.
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person boastfully meanders across a room in a confident manner.
a figure struts forward confidently
a person struts forward, diagonally to the left, then turns to the right.
a person leans back on their right leg, draws both their arms back, and throws something.
a person holds a heavy items while then taking a few steps back to get leverage before throwing the item.
the person was throwing his house to the left.
a person turns around, running diagonally, then walks back.
a person turns around and begins running forward and then turn back around
a man runs in a diginal line turns around and starts walking back.
a person takes a step back and to the left, sits on an invisible object, gets up to stand, and takes smaller steps back to the original position.
he sits in a chair and gets back up.
person steps to right sits down and then stands up to return to first position.
the person is side stepping.
a person takes a step to the side to move out of the way for something
a person side steps to the right
a person leans on something and grabs their leg with their hand
a man walks forwards, leans on something, picks up his right foot, puts the foot down and then walks back
a person steps forward, leans on an object while lifting their left foot.  the person releases the foot and takes two steps backward to their original location.
the figure raises both arm up horizontally elbows locked then raises the shoulder length and then puts them back down
a person lifts their arms straight up until parallel with the ground, then lowers them to their sides.
a person puts both of their arms straight out to their sides like a bird, back to their sides, then back out again.
a person is walking around aimlessly as if pondering something.
a man paces and multiple directions while waving his hands.
person walks around a room, first with his hands on his waist then releases them and leaves them on the sides of the body
a person looks at an object in their hand and touches it with their other hand.
a person grabs something a makes a chopping motion.
this person walk forward move something and then step back.
a person waves with their right hand.
someone is waving to someone else
a person waves with their right hand.
the man is jumping and hopping on each leg
jumping up and down, then jumping onto the right foot only to the left foot only, and up jumping legs crisscrossed.
a person jumps up and down followed by hopping on left foot followed by right.
a man throws something with his right hand
the person is standing and throwing an object while standing.
figure extends arm at 90 degree angle and performs a throwing motion with the right arm.
a person reaches their right arm out in front of them, then puts it back down.
the person just puts his right hand up in a ninety degree angle
a person lifts their right arm to a horizontal position, holds it there for a brief moment, and then returns to their side.
figure appears to be swinging a club or bat
person is practicing their tennis forehand
a figure side steps and then seems to bowl or throw a discus
a man runs back and forth between two points
a person runs to the left, the right, left and back to center.
a person runs back and forth
a person folds both arms at chest level then puts them back down beside their legs.
a person raises their arms and crosses them across their chest, and then lets their arms fall back to their side.
a person standing with folding  both arms.
person has right arm raised high and shudders
a person leans to the left with right arm above head.
a person is standing and extends his right arm upward in a stretching motion and tilts his body to the side in another stretching motion.
a person raising arms to face and thrusting outwards.
a person puts their hands over what looks like their face, and scares someone or something
a person raising hands like in an innocent way.
a person stands on left leg,  while moving right leg to the back then to the right then to the left then to the back again.
person raises right foot and kicks it forward and back.
the person is doing a ballet dance.
a man sweeps right leg and then his left.
a person picks up their right leg and kicks it gently behind them, then in front, in a stretching motion, then does the same thing with their left leg.
someone doing exercise , moving legs backward
person standing, raises left hand to look at watch and returns hand down to his side
a man looks at his wrist.
the man look at his watch on his left wrist.
a person stepping backwards and then pushing against a wall behind them before stepping forward.
a person steps backwards, and appears to place both arms against a wall and squat down, pushes back up and steps forward.
a man in a standing position takes a few steps back.  he put his hands behind him as though he is settling into a chair, but then rises up and takes a few steps forward instead of sitting down.
person steps over something reaches down walks around that thing and walks back toward where they started.
a person walks in a oval shape, then stomps their foot.
a person who is walking forward stumbles over an unidentified object. upon turning around, he avoids the object and walks back to the edge of the platform.
a person is sitting down and has both hands in front of them, bent at elbow. arms spin counter clockwise in a half circle then spin back the other direction while leaning back
the man is pretending to steer a wheel
a person is laying on their back and is moing their arms upwards.
the person lunges to the right to stretch
a person leans to their right side.
a person lunges to the side
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person who is holding a hand railing while walking
a person walks forward and places his right hand on a handrail for support.
the person slowly walks forward and then turns around
a clothing model walking down the runway
a person walks with swag then turns around
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a man walks forward in a circle before stopping.
person is walking in a circle
a person stands stationary, lifts something up with thier right arm, pauses, and then sets the object on a surface and lowers their arm.
a person picks up something, drinks, and then puts it back down.
the person holds their right arm still to salute to salute goodbye
someone is jogging in place
the person is jogging in place.
person is jogging in a straight line
a man is playing a violin.
someone hold heads in hands and bend to the left, trying to dodge something.
a person bends his left hand till elbow and brings his right hand across left hand.
a person brings their arms together, then lifts their right arm and performs a throwing motion with it, like they're throwing a football.
a person holding, then striking an object with their right hand.
a person throwing something. (the motion very similar to a baseball pitcher).
a person walks up the stairs and stands still.
a person goes up the stairs.
person walks up four steps
a person steps backwards, sits, then stands and steps forward.
a man steps backwards and the leans on an object.
a man walking with cuatious
a person walks zig zag forwards then to their right.
the person is stepping around objects.
a person walks as if they are stepping on stones.
the person walk forward and tripped over something.
a person turns and walks and then hops two times.
a man lines himself up and then walks from left to right. he trips and checks his left foot
a person uses their right arm to drink a bottle of water and put it down
the person took something from the left and patted it and then put his arms out to the side.
a person presses buttons in front of them with their right hand.
a person walks forward and picks up an object from the ground, which they lift and put down again, then they turn around and walk back.
a person bends to pick up an object and walks away with it.
walking forward, the person stops to pick up something with both hands, lifting it slightly and setting it in a position slightly higher from the floor, before turning and walkign away
a person does jumping jacks; his hands meeting at the top, before pausing; then, he starts a walking motion in place, his hands swinging wildly to the front and back, alternating between arms.
a person does jumping jacks and then runs in place.
a person jumps up and down moving legs in and out while holding arms above his head and moving them in and out
person leans down and spins clockwise fast twice stumbles then returns to original stance
a person moving in a clockwise circle
person standing spins in place lifting left leg
someone is stood with their arms to their side, they lift both arms to their elbows and move them around haphazardly.
movement of hands randomly and stretched the hands on either directions
a person swings their arms around to stretch.
the person sits down and then stands back up.
the person crosses his legs and sits down then stands back u.p
a person kneeling down knees bent in in a crisscross , then standing back up.
a standing figure aggressively overhand swings their right arm from behind them towards the front of them.
a person throws something from their right arm with a lot of force
person is throwing a ball.
a person walking and doing a quarter of a circle to the right side.
a person changing their walking path to the right.
a person walks forward into a right turn.
a person walks to the right, then walks forward and uses his right leg to leap to the left.
a man walks from the right side to the left side and hops over an obstacle.
person walk to the right and stepped up.
person is flailing arms and covering mouth
the man is laughing happily
the person is swinging his arms around and laughing.
the man darts forward, waits a moment, then darts forward again.
a person runs few steps then stops and then run a few steps again
person runs forward for 3 steps then stops then starts running again.
a person walks backwards, then walks forward again and raises their arms out to the side.
person walks backwards, then forwards, then spreads arms out.
a man walks backwards and then forwards.
a figure stands with knees bent, unmoving
standing with arms on legs.
a person stands still.
a person is spinning slowly in place, reaching hands out occasionally.
a person uses his left arm to touch his head, dances backwards into small counter-clockwise circle and uses his hands to spin someone.
a man is salsa dancing with someone.
a person lifts up his left arm and wriggles it around, and he gestures to his left arm with his right hand, then he wriggles both arms side to side, lifts them up
starting with his right arm, a person shakes their arms in a back-and-forth motion, as though limbering up for exercise.
a human figure shakes out its left arm and holds it up, then the other arm comes up in a "monkey" position. both arms go down and loosely shake as the body shakes out loosely
person does a cartwheel like move, spin then do two twirls and a low jump landing using ballet movements
person does a cartwheel and then spins around multiple times before curtsying.
a man does a few ballet moves in a counter clockwise circle forward and to the right
a person stepping out the way
a person is pushed back slightly and recovers.
a person takes a step back to the left.
a person steps forward and kicks with their left foot.
a person kicks forward with left leg.
the person walks forward and kicks
someone takes one big jump forward landing on both feet.
robot jumped forward from one point to another.
a person leaping forward and throwing their weight with them to help.
he jumps over the beam then stops
a man hold his arms out and then walks a straight line one foot behind the other like a tightrope.
a person slowly walking forward, both of the hands was raised,
the person has pulled his left arm up towards his head.
a person waves with his left arm.
the stick figure pretends to lift weights woth his left hand.
a person throws something with their right hand
the person softly tosses the ball
a person practices throwing and object
a man spins around in place.
a woman doing a ballerina spin.
the man spins in a circle on his left foot.
a person does jumping jacks fast.
a man jumps and brings both arms above his head as he spread his legs and then moves them back into the original position.
the figure is doing two jumping jacks.
a man stands over top of a building and takes his hands on the edge to look down.
a person is standing upright and leans backwards with arm out in front of them.
a person raises their hands forward, bows their head forward, before idling again.
person moving some objects from one place to another
a person touches multiple things in front of them with both hands.
a person moves his arms like he is puting away items
a man slowly sways from side to side, sightly bending his knees.
a person stands still while rocking back and forth
a person standing in the same spot while rocking sideways.
he runs forward directly then stops
a person runs forward fast
a person is jogging at a brisk pace.
person moves forward five steps leading with left leg first
a man appears to be walking up a few steps at a fast pace.
a person briskly walks forward and then stops.
the person is doing the shake of the shoulders.
the man bends forward and shakes his shoulders.
person bends slightly and shakes their shoulders
a person tries to screw something large into place.
a person bent over bracing object with right hand and rotating object with their left hand.
a person bends over to loosen a bolt with a wrench
the person is walking forward to doing it we’re all turning around and walking backwards
a person walks and does a 180 degree turn.
a person walks forward, pivots on their right foot, and walks back.
the person makes a right turn.
a person walks in a curve towards the right
a person on their stomach paddles their feet and uses a windmill motion with their hands as if swimming.
a person fastly smam somehwere
a person is swimming forward moving its arms and feet in a flapping motion.
a person  takes a couple of bows.
the person is greeting with a bow.
a figure begins bent over at the waist then stands upright, repeats the gesture, flexing/stretching.
a person flexes then released his flex
a man is screwing a lid onto something with his right hand.
a person holds an object while unscrewing it
a person is playing a saxophone.
this person is dancing quickly from left to right.
a person dances back and fourth with their hands held in front of their chest.
person walks quickly forward as if in a hurry
a figure runs on a line.
a person hurriedly walks foreward in a straight line then stops and stands.
a person pitches an overhand throw.
the person throws something with his right hand.
person throws an object/ball quite fast with their right arm
a person makes one step forward with each leg.
a person takes two wide steps forward.
does two steps forward. first with left leg, then with the right
moving hands towards chest then spinning them.
a person is holding their hands right over left, and is moving as if to play drums and cymbals.
this person appears to be organizing items.
a man walks with a normal gait forward.
a person walks forward and then stops
person walks five steps forward leading with right foot
a person takes a quick, long step to the right hand side leading with left leg and stands still.
the person is stepping to side.
a person standing,  quickly sidesteps to the right.
a man walks forward and picks up an object with his right hand, then puts the object back down and steps backward.
personal will forward pick something up and sat it on something.
a person steps forward, bends down slightly, uses right hand to pick an item and drop it to its left, and steps backward to original position.
a person hops and skips on their left foot while dragging the right one
a figure is hobbling on one foot and staying off the red colored leg, he is limping
a man hops several times forward on his left foot.
a person walks along narrow path.
he walks forward slowly directly
person hesitantly walks forward towards the edge of the screen
a person hops up and down
a person stands arms relaxed and bounces on their feet up and down
a person jumps continuously on the spot.
person person is sitting on a white machine lifting arm weights.
the man begins in a squatting position to then raise his blue hand first and then swayed between his blue and orange hands while in that squatting position.
a person stays in a squatting position whilst slowly waving its arms in the air and then lifts its left leg up and back down
a person sits down and puts his hands on his thighs.
the person is crouching like he’s playing football.
a person sits down on a stool.
a person is head banging
a person bends forward and puts their hands near their knees, then they wobble their head around rapidly.
a person bends over with their hands on their knees, rocking their head and swaying side to side
a person raises up each arm at a time, then both arms, then each arm at a time again.
a person waves with their right arm and then their left arm simultaneously.
a man raises his right arm, then his left, then repeats the action.
a person walks to the right, walks to the left, and then back to the center.
a person begins to walk side to side and then returns to their original position.
a person walks to the right, then to the left and back to where he started from
a person walks, leaning over, while swing their right arm.
a person walks bent over while swinging his right arm, raises it high, then bends over and starts that walk again.
a person is preteding to be an elephant
a man walks foward slowly and then stops.
stick figure walks forward then stops
a person walks slowly to the right then stops
the person is steeping over two objects
a person walks over something and then jumps over it.
a person stepped over something forward
person does a quick right hook keeping legs on floor
a person is boxing .
person punches towards the left
a person walks while making a sweeping turn to the right.
a person walks in a right bend direction.
a man walks in a clockwise direction
person starts in hands head height elbows bent then hyper extends arms above head three times
a person exercising with two dumbbells
a person raises their arms up in the air as if weightlifting.
a person walks forward and does a salsa dance.
a man walks onto the dance floor and begins to formally dance with a partner.
the person is walking forward and dancing.
a person stretches their arms out to their sides, drops their left arm, and then raises it back up.
a person lowers their left arm, and then raises it back up.
a person drops blue arm to side of body and then raises it 45 degrees.
a person jumps straight up and down, twice in a row.
the person is jumping up and down.
jumping up and down with help are the arms going up and down as well.
a person bends over to pick something up with their right hand two times. then they turn around anti-clockwise to walk away.
person picked up an object.
a man bends down and puts his right hand down to his right foot two times before turning on a 180 degree angle.
moving arms up and down near chest.
a person is standing juggling balls.
a person looks to be drumming something infront of them
a person limping somewhere with a hurt leg
a person is walking with an injured leg
a person limps as they walk forward
a person is doing star jumps
person is doing jumping jacks.
a person doing star jumps
a person lifts its left arm in the air with a slight bend, and then brings it down to meet with its right arm.
a person straching his arms, while staninf on the same place
a person drinks out of a bottle
a person is standing still while waving his right hand.
a man waves with his right hand.
a man leans across his table, craning his neck to the left, so as to better see the kitchen from his position.
a person doing a punching motion
the person is punching something.
a person lifts their left arm, in a bent position, out in front of them and at the same time gives two low punches with their left arm down low then two punches at shoulder height with their left arm also.
a man is kneeling
a figure lying on its back pulls up its legs and raises its torso, then using hands and arms pushes itself to a crouching position on both feet with arms resting on legs and hands relaxed between legs.
from a prone position on the ground, the person raises up into a squat with hands held together in front of them
bending forward twice while standing.
a person bows 2 times.
a person bows with their upper body and head twice, with the arms staying to the side and the legs staying in place. the second bow is longer.
a person raises their right hand and slowly waves.
a person lifts up their right arm above their head, moves it towards their left side and then back down.
a person lifts his right hand in the air.
the man look like he was fishing with his left arm and then his right arm.
he pretends to dance with someone
a person throws a right hook and a left jab in slow motion.
the person is punching something.
person uses right hand to throw a punch. appears to be boxing
a person throws a punch with his left hand.
person moves forward and sits in chair briefly before standing back up and walking away
a person sits down for a moment and then stands up.
the man walks forward then sits down
the person is making an arm gesture putting his arms up into the air
a man lifts his arms and then puts them back down at his sides.
person is making attention gesture
a man crosses his arms and then lowers them.
a person folding both arms together
someone crosses his hands for a second and then puts them back down
a person turns right then walks forward
this person is slowly taking a left turn. then walks straight a little, also moving slowly.
a person walks forward, turns left, then walks forward again.
a person jogs in place and then runs to their left, and then running to the right and returning to where they started.
a person jogs in place briefly, then jogs from side to side, returning to a standing position.
a person was running in one place, after he started run to left and right size
a person stands with an umbrella; they lower it in front of them and pull the umbrella closed.
a person has his right hand in the air and drops it towards his left hand.
a person holding object up with right hand, lowers right arm and pulls object with left hand towards them.
a man is walking in a straight line, while swaying his hips left to right with a swagger
a person walking straight.
a person slowly walks forward.
a man walks to the right and then to left and then comes to a stop in the middle.
a standing person walks to the left, then to the right, and again to the left and stops at original standing position.
a person walks to their right, turns around to their left, and walks back with their arms swinging.
standing forward, hands are at the side moving toward sides of the head and back down while the legs are slightly jumping outwards. creating a jumping jack.
as a man jumps up and down he raises both arms straight up, then parallel to the ground, then down, then repeats the motion.
a man begins with his feet together and his hands by his side.  he jumps in the air and brings his hands together above his head and spreads his feet out to shoulder width, and then he hold his arms out to his side parallel to the ground.  he then resumes his original position and goes again.
the person starts by sitting and dials with their right hand then holds the phone with their left and starts by turning in their chair, before standing up walking to the left around the back of the chair then sitting down again.
someone is sitting and pivoting back and forth before standing up and staggering back and forth.
a person is sitting with their feet on the floor, the rotate to the left before standing up, as they stand up the take a couple steps backwards, then proceed to go forward before bending over.
a person taking four hops on his left foot.
a man hops forward on his left foot.
a person makes three left footed hops forward.
person is acting like a human dragon.
a person stands and flaps arms up and down while walking side to side, they end with their arms down to their side.
a person waving their arms up and down while stepping side to side.
a person was bending the body and made the circle
a person lifts both arms from side of waist up, then moves right then left with hip, then turns 70 degrees clockwise from viewer and takes 3 steps with left then right foot and stops.
the man is moving his body left and right slowly
a person walks forward, turns around in a counter-clockwise direction on thier left foot, then walks forward again.
person shuffles forward with right leg first for two steps and immediately turn around and moves back to start.
he quickly turns to his left
a person takes a large step to their left over an object.
the person took a large clean stop over some thing.
a man takes a step to the left side.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks straight forward.
a person takes 4 steps forward.
the person is drinking a tall glass of water.
a person is stretching their arms. they raise their right arm above their head as their left arm goes out to the side, and then returns back to original position.
a person lifting his right arm up to have a drink
a man stands still for a moment before taking one step forward.
a person steps forward a short distance.
a person gently steps forward starting with their left foot followed by the right
drinking something using the right hands
a person moves left hand to torso and then raises right arm
a person uncaps a bottle and drinks it using their right hand.
after taking two steps backward, the person lowers themselves into a seated position, steadying themselves agasint something behind them at waist height, before standing back up
a person slowly sits down on something, then gets up.
a person crouches down slightly to prepare for running.
the person is holding his hand in front of his face.
a person lifts right hand to face.
a person holds a mirror up to his face with his right hand.
a man steps back, picks something up and put it to his head and then puts it back.
the man steps back picks up some food and takes a bite then sets it back on the table.
person picks up phone and starts talking, then puts phone back down
a person looking forward and then to the right and back again
a person looks around in front of them and to their left.
a person turns and looks to their right, then looks forwards and bows.
a person is strumming a guitar while standing.
a person moves too arms too the left and suspends both arms to imitate playing a guitar.
person may have been playing a guitar.
a man is jogging forwards in a straight line.
a person runs forward very fast
the person runs forward and stops.
a man is shuffling his feet slightly while holding up arms and swinging elbows foreward and backward.
a person loosening up their upper body.
a person is perforning a warm up
a person throws something with its right arm.
a person throws something forward using their right hand, turning their body while they throw
a person acts as if they are throwing a football.
a person attempts to do a handstand.
a person jumps onto their hands, but cannot support themselves twice.
a person attempts to do two cartwheels.
the sim is standing than kicks twice with their right foot, before doing a jumping back kick.
a person is kicking his right leg in the air.
a man kicks and jumps around as if he is practicing karate.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
person does jumping jacks with high jumps in air.
a person is raising their arms over their head as they jump, just like doing jumping jacks.
a person raised the hand and after grabbed something with right hand
person steps forwards before raising both hands in front of himself, before then bending down and reaching towards the floor with their right hand, then standing back up and taking a step back.
a person adjusts something on the ground
the man shakes something places it on the table and steps backwards.
the person walks backwards by three steps
the person lunges forward then walks backwards with shoulders spread out.
the person is hunched over searching for something.
a person is cleaning up by putting trash in a trash bag.
person is cleaning up a room.
a person practicing jabs in a specific pattern.
a person punches forward with alternating arms
a person is boxing with someone.
a person has both shoulders raised while swaying back and forth, picks up both arms and pumps them back and forth 3 times.
a man stays stationary and leans side to side, and then stretches his shoulders.
a person appears to be warming up their back or their elbows
a person walks slowly forward.
person walks and takes a larger step in the middle of walk.
a man walks slowly forward.
a person slowly made a circle by side walking
the person is backing up very slowly in a circle.
person does leg push offs in a circle numerous times.
a person shoos something away with his arms.
a person using both arms swipes at something in front of him several times.
the sim is standing crouched at an angle as to be whipping an object back and forth leading with their right hand.
a person crouches and leans forward in an anticipatory style.
a standing person moving forward using their right foot,then leaning forward in a hunched back potion
the person stands slightly crouched and leaned forward.
a person walks forward, takes a quick sidestep to the left, walks straight, and then stops.
a person walks forward then is pushed to the left, they recover with their left foot and keep walking.
a person slowly walks forward, suddenly takes a sidestep, and continues walking.
person walks slightly to the right
a person walking turns slightly to the left and slows down to turn back
the person walks quickly at an angel to the left, while their body is turned to the right
someone is playing american football
a person kicks forward with his right leg.
a person performs a short kick forward with his right leg.
a person stepping from left to right
a man moves to the left and then to the right making a straight line.
a person takes a half step forward, then starts walking sideways to the left, stops, then walks sideways to the right.
a person has their hands to their chest and is flapping their elbows with their head bobbing.
a person has their hands tucked under their armpits and nods their head while looking left to right
a person is acting like a chicken, then begins pecking at the ground and flapping its wings.
a person turns around and picks up an item with his right hand, holds the item to his shoulder, then turns back around to place the items back down.
a person picks up a telephone and listens to it for a bit before putting it back.
a person turns over and picks up a phone call, and then places the phone down.
a person side steps to the left for a few steps.
moving sideways then stopping.
a person is slowly shuffling side ways leading with their left leg.
a man walks forward with both hands at his side.
a person walks diagonally
a person quickly walks forward.
the figure is using his arms to wash something
a person picks something up, puts it down, then moves their hand back and forth
a person washes right arm under tap.
a person is walking forward and comes to a stop.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks in a forward motion.
person person who’s doing jumping jacks.
a person jumps up and down moving their legs out and in, as with each jump they move their arms up and down.
doing a jumping jack up and down and pausing slightly going up and down.
a person doing a fun dance.
a person brings both arms upward to a t position and bends both elbows to move his arms in a circular motion while bending his knees to see his range of motion.
a person is dancing with his whole body.
a person walks in a straight line, before taking a left turn and walking straight back, repeated several times.
a person walks forward puts something on a shelf, walks back, picks up something else and then puts in on the same shelf.
a person walks back and forth
a person steps with his or her right foot crossing in front of the left, squatting to the floor with his or her legs crossed. then stands back up and uncrosses legs to come back to a standing position without hardly moving the left foot.
person crosses feet goes onto buttocks sat down then gets up
a person sits on the ground with their legs crossed then stands right back up
stretching and or moving. seems like excercise.
a person slightly bows down, extends their left and right arms in front of them, steps back and bows down.
a person steps back a little and bows slightly, then brings arms and hands to shoulder height, takes a step back and bows again, then relaxes elbows down with both hands up.
the man take sideways steps to the right.
he walked to the left while keeping his center of gravity very low.
a person bent forward slightly at the waist walks in a diagonal line to the left, taking rather large steps.
a man turns to his right side, and then he karate kicks high in the air with his right foot.
a person steps forward with their left foot then does a right front kick.
a person kicks to waist level with right foot.
person dances with arms out
preforming different kinds of boxing moves
stretching out arms while shaking out left arm
a man waved his one arm in the air and then he put it down and waved his other arm in the air.
a person is warming up
a person flails his arms with his left arm raised above his head and his right arm down, then moves his left arm down and right arm up and flails his arms again
a figure swims and rows.
the man is moving his upper body
the person wants to go on a vacation.
someone sits into a full squat, with arms on knees.
a person starting at a standing position then into a squat.
a person lowers into a squatting position and holds this position.
person is trying to be a human whale.
a person begins slightly bent with arms out stretched like a bird, then bbrings both arms up while crossing them and ends in the beginning position.
a person stands with arms extended facing the ground, brings arms together and extends them upwards, and returns to original position.
a person walked on a slanted line to the left.
person walks forward as if in pain with arms at sides.
walking forward and stopping in a steady pace
a figure walks in a straight line, turns around, and crawls on all fours back the same direction
the person walks forward, turns around and gets on all fours to crawl back.
a person walks forward a few steps, turns around mid-step, places their hands on the ground and begins to crawl forward on their hands and knees.
a person walks forward curving to the right while using his hands for balance on an unseen rail.
a person walks, holding on to a rail with each hand.
a human figure is seen walking with his hands on the handrail
person moves forward then quickly side steps to their right hand side then zig zags back to front centre
a person quickly step right
a man steps forward and quickly takes a wide step to the right and then comes back to the left to the same position he started from.
a person waves with their right hand
a figure raising theit right arm and waving the hand.
a person standing in place uses their right arm to wave.
a person raises their arms up above their head, walks down some stairs and then jumps.
individual moves his arms upwards and then waves his arms in the air. individual moves his arms down then jumps. then takes a few steps forward and then reaches towards body with left hand.
a person waves hands over their head and then walks forward quickly and then does one hop.
a person stayed on the place and raised the right hand
keeping his elbow bent, a man raises his left arm, then lowers it to his mid-section.
right held up head tilts to the right and right hand push forward.
a person tilts left leg to left branch slightly, strides forward and follows with right leg.
a person steps up on a platform, left foot first.
a man stands and makes one step foward using his left foot and then stops with both feet.
a person looks around behind left and right.
a person swings their upper body from side to side.
a person is moving and twisting his body around.
someone diagonally kicks their right foot, then their left foot.
person standing feet shoulder length apart kicks right leg to side then kicks left leg to side
a person stand guard a home plate
a person raises their right hand then switches to raising the left.
a man alternates lifting his right and left arms above his head.
a person reaches up with the left then the right.
someone is clapping their hands
a person lifts both arms and claps his hands together and then repeats the action several times.
the man begins standing straight. the man than picks up both hands and claps them nine times. the man than places both hands back at his sides.
a person jogs a short distance forward.
a person lifts their hands to chest height and slowly jogs.
the man walks then starts to jog
a person makes a quarter circle turn to the right.
person bends at waste lifts left arm and allows right on to swing freely and then lifts up bends again raises right arm and allows left arm to swing freely like a pendulum freely
a person poses as a monkey.
a person stratches his armpits like a monkey, then drops his arm left down while holding his right arm up, then does the opposite
a person standing with arms out then checks phone.
a man raises his arms, brings them together in front of him, then drops them one at a time, starting with his right.
a person lowers their raised arms, picks something up with their left hand, then moves it to the right hand and sets it down
a figure takes three steps sideways to their left, then five steps sideways to their right and then two steps sideways to return to their original position
person takes 3 steps, medium, large and small steps to the right, then 5 even steps to the left, then 1 step, then the left leg crosses over the right leg and then 1 more step to the left all the while walking sideways
a man side steps to the left and then side steps back to the right before returning to the middle.
a person walks forward in a straight line and then stops.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is walking in a straight line moving both his arms and legs and then stops
a person picks an object off the ground, and then uses it to wipe something off.
the person to reach down and pick something up.
a person picks something up, turns to the left, and uses that thing in a circular motion with the right hand
person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
a person has their right hand by their face and is gesturing that their head is dizzy.
a person is waving their hand.
person walking with fast pace
person is walking on a tredmill.
a person walks in a straight line at a normal pace.
walks in a wide counterclockwise bend then cuts a sharp right before completing a circle.
the person was walking around and he took 11 steps.
a person lifts and object toward their head with both arms, then raises their left arm above their head.
a man raises his right arm and then his left.
a person is drinking something with his left hand.
a person is doing a brisk walk/jog.
a person takes five paces forward, jogging at first then coming to a standstill.
person runs forward a few steps
a man is scratching his arm then rocks side to side.
a person scratches their right leg, then their left arm and face.
person standing scratches right thigh with right arm them scratches left arm and then head
a person rocking back and forth in suspence.
the person is looking around from left to right.
a person sways from left to right minimally, and then their upper body starts to slightly twist from side to side.
the person is walking down arms out.
a person is walking and using their left hand to support themselves by using a wall.
a man is walking while holding a handrail
a person executes an uppercut punch with the right hand.
a person gives an uppercut with his right hand
the man made an "uppercut" motion with his left arm rightwards.
a person is walking across a narrow beam.
climbs a step up and walks to climb a step down.
a man walks forward towards you, swaying his hands back and forth
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a person wiggles in a seat, pauses, and then stands up and walks forward.
a person is sitting in a chair, wobbles side to side, stands up, and then start walking.
a man running, and coming to complete stop.
a person who seems to be jogging
a man runs forward before stopping.
a man raises his right hand to cover his face, then lowers it again.
a person  using their right arm with the hand to mouth motion.
a person puts their right hand to their head and then puts it back to their side
a person bends over to begin charging forward, turns around with arms raised, and charges back to original position.
the person is walking around.
he does a walk run
the persons jogs forward at  a medium pace
a person jogs forward and then stops.
the stixk figure is rasing his hands ina lifting weight maner.
a person raises an object above their head three times like a weightlifter.
the person is doing weightlifting.
a person bends over and flaps his arms.
a person bent the body, and made swing with hands
a person leans forward; facing the ground, and flaps their arms like a bird, then stands erect and back pedals.
a person hops on their right foot, jumps with both feet wide apart then jumps again with their feet closer together
a person jumps foreward like playing hopscotch, then jumps while turning around.
a figure plays hopscotch begore turning 180 degrees
a person stands erect with his legs wide open and takes two steps to the left and four steps to the right, then two steps to the left.
a person side steps to his left, then several side steps right, and then back left again.
a person taking two side steps to the left then four to the right and finally two back to the left.
a person walks forward and comes to a stop.
a man walks forward 4 steps.
a man walks forward at a steady pace.
raising arms near face.
a person looks to fight through a crowd and is moving his hands around
a figure standing still and waving their arms like they were rummaging through an old closet.
walking normal right and left infront of one and another
the person is walking forward.
a person who is walking straight forward.
a man walks forward before stopping.
a man is walking strait forward at a moderate pace with his arms moving naturally
the man takes 10 normal step.
a oerson faces front, swing arms to the left twice, turns to the back and swings arms to the right, turns to the front and swinfs arms to the left, as if playing tennis
a person steps from side to side while making a sweeping motion with their hands.
person uses their right hand to throw an item in an upward parabola motion. uses hips and body to give the throw more momentum
a person open their ams wide, and then lowers their left arm while making a gesture with their right arm.
a person appears to be shaking something aggressivley.
moving arms in and out then bending down.
a person runs back and forth
person is running back and forth.
a person turns  and runs to the right then turns and runs to the left then turns and runs back to center.
a person walks downward in a semicircle to the right hand side and stands still.
a person quickly walks to the left.
a person walks forward in a counter-clockwise trajectory a quarter turn.
a person is standing and steps backwards.
a man takes a step back, slightly to the right
a person steps backwards slowly.
someone sprints forward quickly before skidding to a halt.
a person runs quickly forward and then stops.
a person uses their legs to sprint forward diagonally.
a man is jogging at a steady pace while holding arms out in a jogging position.
a man runs a short distance in a straight line.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person turns to their left and reaches above him with his right hand as if to grab something.
a person rotates and pushes its right arm forward in a throwing motion.
the figure is throwing with right hand.
a person throws an item with their left hand.
a man takes his left arm and raises it up to and back and then brings it forward and out.
throwing motion with left hand
the stick figure is in a squat postition dancing.
a person is eating food from a sitting position.
a person squats while rapidly shaking their hands in front of their chest.
a person organizes items on a shelf with their left hand.
someone appears to be grabbing or organizing and then spreads their arms
a person lifts arms to sort items then puts arms down
a person is standing with wobbly knees and moving his arms back and fourth as if he was dizzy.
a person has their hands on their hips, stagers slightly around, then their arms fall to their sides as they walk quickly forward and toward their right.
a person stands rocking from one foot to the next, holding his arms bent next to sides. lets the swing down and runs to the right
the figure sways from right to left with both of hands up like as if hes reaching for something
a person stands tiptoe and reaches over his head while turning his body to the left, loses his balance and recovers his footing, then repeats the same action with his body turned toward the right, then repeats the action once more with his body facing forward.
a person raises arms, moves around and stretches
happily stepping back and forth the walking to make a flip.
a person hops from one foot to the other and then does a forward kick flip.
person is  is jumping around.
he walks forward straight directally
person is walking slowly.
a figure moves down forward downwards.
a person walks forward fastly
a person walking forward in a fast pace.
a person walks forward quickly with a slight swing of the arms
a person walks forward, swings their right leg while turning around and steps forward again.
a person standing walks downward a couple steps, then does an about face while pivoting on right foot, then walks upward and stops.
a man walks forwards, makes a half-turn, then walks back.
person jumps on spot two times
a person makes two small jumps without moving their arms much.
a person jumps up and down twice.
a person walks straight forward
the person is walking forward.
someone walking down a run way, modeling.
the person stands and lifts both arms.
a person drops both arms from a cross position and then places his hands parallel to each other briefly before lowering both hands.
a man starts with his arms spread horizontally at his shoulders, lowers them to his sides, bends them forward at the elbows, then returns them to his sides.
the person was making a gesture with his right hand.
a person raised his right hand and did some jesture with right hand
right hand is moves up and forward to the right and back down to the side a few times.
a person with arms up moving to the left.
a man's arms are bent at the elbows, out in front of him then go above his head, then outstretched a his sides..
a man raises his both arms trying to search something and then spreads them wide apart.
a person that is running fast.
person is running forward after standing for a bit.
a person sprints straight forward.
a person walks slowly in diagonal
robot walking forward from right and ended up at left.
stiffly walks down stairs with no emotion or additional movements.
a man stumbles and leans on an invisible object to support and help him reposition himself.
a forward facing figure shambles as if injured up a flight of stairs, it takes two steps while leaning towards the left side.
man climbs stairs railing right hand
the body stood still and slowly walks toward the left in a curve.
the person walks while swaying their hips along a curved path to the left slowly then stops to look down at the edge of the grey platform at something.
a person walks in a forward in a zigzag that gets wider towards the end and then stops to the right of where they began
the person is walking forward.
person is walking forwards, but with random stances. starts with a wide stance, and keeps going like that until the end when they cross their legs to move.
person walks forward fast then pivots on the  left leg and returns back
a person is walking, quickly pivots 180° and then walks back
the person is stepping back and forth.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person waving with thier right hand
a man waves his right arm.
person walks seven steps from centre back to slightly right of centre
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
person walks forward while moving hips slightly.
a person takes a couple steps forward with good posture and then stops
a person walking crookedly.
a person walks forward and then stops.
person is jogging in place.
a person jogs on the spot.
person is running at their own pace
a person walks back and forth from right to left, stops, and stands in one place.
a person walks to the right, then to the left, then back to the right finishing in the center.
the person walks side to side
he is imitating an elephant feeding itself with its trunk.
a man stretches out his right hand to dig.
a man is scooping up leaves to put in a collection bag.
someone jump high up then in 360
the man does a jumping twist
a person does a small jump, then does another jump while turning around
a person walks forward and up some stairs in a straight line.
a person walks forward, approaches an obstacle, then steps onto the obstacle.
someone wipes their shoes on a floor mat.
a person walks in a circle with arms outstretched.
a person stumbles lazily in a circle with arms raised to shoulder height.
a person walking like a zombie in a half circle to the right.
a person lowers to sitting position.
person is lying back onto something.
a man is sitting down
a person eats while standing.
this person appears to wash his hands.
a person is standing and eating soemthing while cutting it.
a person with feet unmoving moves their hips slightly from right to left while moving bent arms in a circular motion.
a man standing with his legs far apart brings up his left hand towards his face.
a person throws his left arm into the air.
a man land leans forward, then takes a small step forward
a person trips and stumbles forward.
person bends forward as if having stumbled.
a person does light punches with their right hand.
a man moves his right arm in front of him.
a person is jabbing a punching bag.
a person is jogging in a circle
a person who is running jogs 24 steps counterclockwise.
a person jogs in a circle to the left.
a person who is jumping on the same spot
a person hops in place several times while holding his arms to the side with hands at waist level.
a man jumps up and down in place.
a person walks to his left in a circle
the person starts walking up and down the room
robot touched his face with right hand.
a person touches their head using their left hand
a person lifting their hand close to face, in a frustrated or upset manner.
standing on one leg and swinging it.
a person stands on his left leg and kicks with his right
the person is balancing on his left foot.
a person does a karate kick
said person seems to be doing karate
person in a defensive stance round house kicks angrly
a man casually saunters down the steps. his left hand on the railing for balance.
a man grabs a support with his left hand, takes some steps downwards, then removes his left hand from the support.
a person descends down while taking a few steps forward while putting their left hand on something to keep balance.
a person raises their arms high above their head.
a figure stretches is hands and arms above its head
a person raises both arms above their head while standing, the fingers of both hands are touching when raised, then the arms are lowered.
a person walks forward slowly in an unbalanced fashion.
person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward sadly, wobbling a bit.
a man leans over and reaches his right hand down near his right foot to pick an object up, then stands up and steps forward with his right foot to rub his right hand on an object.
the right hand goes to the ground and across to the left side making a scrubbing motion then placing the hand back down to the ground.
he wipes the thing on the floor
a person walks forward while looking around before turning about face at the end
continuously turn from side to side as he walks.
the person is walking a cool walk.
person is kicking a ball.
a person steps forward to kick ball.
a man angrily walks forward then kicks something with his right foot.
the man puts his left hand on top of his head.
a man raises his right arm.
a person scratch its head with the right arm
a person stands still and waves with their right arm.
the person waves with their right hand
a person waves with their right arm.
a person sits down on the ground briefly cross legged and then begins to stand up.
a person sits on the ground and crosses his legs. then gets ready to get up.
he takes a big sit down
he takes a book with left hand
a person grabs something with their left arm
a person lifts their left arm to check their left wrist.
a person walks forward and is pushed by something on their right side.
a person skips to the side
someone walks forward, staggers to the left, then corrects themselves and returns to their original trajectory.
person marching forward, lifting up knees
a man is marching in a straight line bringing his left foot and right arm up and down at the same time then repeats with the right foot and arm.
a man stomps forward with arms swinging as he goes.
the man throws a punch with each hand.
a person throws an overhand right punch followed by an overhand left punch.
someone hold heads in hands and bend to the left, trying to dodge something
a person side steps to the left and then to the right.
person is side stepping.
person moves sideways from left to right and then from right to left
a person jumps to the side horizontally back and forth.
the sim is pacing from one side to the to the other several times.
a person jumps to the left and right multiple times.
a person waves with their left hand.
a man waves his left arm above his head from left to right one time.
a person waves his right hand.
a squatting person, holding their knees, lifts their arms twice laterally
persons arms are out and knees bent they bring them forward placing on knees in original position
someone is raising there arms to shoulder lenth
a person jogs down stairs then jumps up with both feet.
a person walks down some stairs, raises his arms, and jumps.
the person quickly steps down a few times, tentatively raises their arms to the side, and then does a little jump.
the person is moving around his upper body and then moves around his hips.
a person stands in one spot while swaying, stops, puts both hands up, and moves their hips as if they are using a hula hoop.
a person is standing with arms out moving hips from side too side.
a man turns and then slowly walks to the other end of the room,
the person backed up and he’s walking creepily to the left.
a person looks around then moves slowly to their right in a slightly crouched position.
a person jumps repeatedly, raising their arms up and extending their legs.
a person walks up and starts to do jumping jacks.
a person doing three jumping jacks.
a person pivots backwards while holding alternating arms out in defense
a person walks backward with slashing his hands
a person does a back shuffle in a fighting position
a person walks forward turns and sits then walks back.
walking a few steps forward to turn around and sit on the ground to get back up and walk forward.
a person walks forward, sits in a chair, and walks out.
he walks forward while turning to his left.
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
the man takes step to the ledt.
person runs straight ahead then walks back
figure appears to be running to answer a phone call
the person jog to the right diagonally then charge back towards the left but stopped in the middle.
a person slowly walked backwards,
this person walks backwards very slowly
the person is walking normally backwards.
man waiting and looking at the watch
a standing man raises his right hand to his chest and then lowers it again.
the person lifts their right arm looking to check the time
a person is running in place.
jogging forward with the arms tuck at the side loosely.
a person is jogging at a moderate pace.
the person rotates left and to the right with their arm up, rotates back and to the front while reaching their feet, and puts their arms down.
a person has both arms lifted up in an "l" shape and bends to the left, right, then backwards and bends all the way forward until their hands hit the ground.
motions in a rend sort of directive to a bow and in an; over-foot manner.
a person punches with their right arm.
punching and holding arms up.
a man is punching with his left arm.
a person lifts their left arm to rub their stomach in a circular motion.
person is running themselves in a circles.
a person uses their left hand to do counter clockwise motions across their chest.
a person is bent over and is moving his right hand like he is washing something
a person is wiping their right leg with their right arm.
moving hand up and down.
a figure rubs their forearm anxiously
a person standing in place scratches their arm
a person grabbed the left hand with right hand and starts scratch
the person is standing up being flexable
a person has both legs spread apart and hands down.
person puts left leg outwards and doing a slight squat whilst putting left hand on hip
the man walks forward slowly.
a man walks briskly forward.
a person walks with pace foward.
a person bends down and touches their toes, then reaches up and stretches back and forth
a man holds his arms up and then bends over to touch his toes with both hands, raises back up, and then lifts his arms and rotates his torso several times, then leans to both sides once.
man is standing straight, feet not moving, hinges at the waist to reach both hands down to his feet, the puts his arms up, bent at the elbows, twists his torso to the left, and then to the right, and then facing forward leans over to the left, and then over to the right, stretching
a person lifts up both arms in unison and drops them, repeatedly.
a person lifts something in both hands at the same time.
a person puts his arms up and down twice as if lifting dumbbells.
a man jogs to the left with his arms in a running motion. then turns around and jogs to the right. then jogs back to the centre
jogs to the person's right, then to the left and then right back to starting point
a person jogs back and forth from right to left.
moves arms upwards and then downwards three times. appears to almost be faking that they can fly
a person raises and lowers both arms outward to the side and then back down again
a person stands still and raises both arms up and down at his side, his arms are straight and go up to shoulder height
a person walking does a stwp over and continues to walk.
the person is walking forward.
a person begins walking and takes a large step with their right leg as if they are stepping over something
a figure seems to be making a snowball around waist height
a person makes a circle motion with its right arm then walks forward clasping an object  then puts the object down, turns a circle then puts arms out
a person rubs something, picks up something, walks and sets something down.
the person pick something up from the left and sat in on the right.
a man uses both hands to pick something up moves it a few inches to the right and puts down
a man picks something up and moves it to the left.
the man plays left handed violin.
this is a animation of a person playing an imaginary violin.
a man is playing a violin.
the person cups their hands to their mouth as if they are trying to call out
the figure raises its arms at head level as if it were going to catch something.
person puts hands up to face as if shouting and turns slightly to their left.
a man moves something in front of him.
a person moves their right hand back and forth in different locations immediately in front of them.
a person pushes something in front of their face then raises their arms
a person stands in a martial arts ready position and raises their right hand then turns ready to block.
a man pivots his right foot backwards whilst holding his arms up at shoulder height.
person raises left hand, then moves entire left side of the body backwards. appears to be fighting, or shadow boxing
a person slowly walking forward and after changing a traectory a little 180* turn, and kepp walking
person appears inebriated, walks right and then turns in counter clockwise motion and walks back in a circular zig zaggy motion
a person walks forwards and turns in a counter clockwise circle and stumbles towards where they started.
a person turns to the left, then to the right before bending over and making a scooping motion with his right hand.
a person is looking around and walking like a bear and swatting things with their hands.
a person leans right to left and slowly bends over at the waist with arms hanging towards the front. the person continues walking forward bent over in a lumbering position, swings right hand then left hand out.
a person appears to be raising both his arms with difficulty.
a person pushes an object upwards two times with both of their hands above their head.
a man lifts something heavy upwards twice.
a man slowly walks forward.
a person standing up takes six steps forward.
a person slowly walks forward.
a man jogs forward a few steps, walks back to his spot and squats down.
the person is jogging forward diagonally.
a person runs to a specific point, looks down, the person turns while looking around, then walks back the way they ran from, then squats down to looks at something.
a person walks backwards quickly
a figure walks back on a plato.
stumble backwards and that's it
a person steps left to right steadily, while gesturing towards something on the left hand side with their right arm.
slightly going side to side while making a waving motion with the right arm.
person is waving hi.
a man is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and his hands by his side.  he then bends his knees and jumps forward.  his feet land at the same time.
a person long jumps forward.
person is jumping forward.
the person is knocking.
a standing figure with arms to sides, raises it's left hand and waves slightly from side to side before assuming it's original position.
a person standing in one spot and waiving their hand.
a man throws an object with his right hand, then catching an object with both hands.
this orrson waves forward with the right arm.
a person swats their hand forward then raises both hands before dropping them.
a person lifts an item above their head.
a person lunges forward to load a large object into a truck.
a person lifts something up
a person circles their arms around and starts jumping up and down.
a person gets ready and starts jumping with a rope
a person mimics picking up a jump rope and moves his arms back to get ready. he then jumps a total of ten times, swinging his arms forward, alternating between arms apart and arms crossed.
a person takes a big step diagonally with their right leg.
a person takes a wide step forward towards the left.
a person makes a long step to the right.
a person swings their arms in front of their chest and then back by their side 3 times.
a person is swinging both arms back and forth
a person warms up chest by moving arms inwards and outwards.
a person is running in place then starts to run left and right.
a figure starts jogging in lace turns to the right jogs to the wall turns around jogs to the other wall the jogs back to the middle and faces the initial direction
a person runs to our right, then to our left, and stops in the center.
a person walks forward then drastically to the left like they have been pushed then returns to walking normally
a person is walking and goes side to side
the motion seems similar to an axel twist in ice skating
a person steps to the left and jumps while turning in a full circle.
someone does a spinning jump before crossing back to their starting position.
a person balancing and walking with his hand up .
a person carefully walks forward in a straight line.
person moves five steps forward on a narrow platform whilst holding up both arms for balance
he raises his hands and feet alternately and then prances around.
the man raises opposite foot and arm then dances in a circle.
a person is walking in place putting their arms up at the sides slightly.
a standing figure repeatedly reaches his head with his left arm, then brings his arm down, pausing and gesturing at about the midway point.
a person raises their right hand to their head twice
a person who seems to be drinking something
moving hands and then sitting.
a person claps their hands, then steps forward, turns and sits in a chair. then raises both hand s up and drops them.
a person claps once the moves forward, turns around and sits down.
a person walking straight down a walk way.
a person curiously walking forward.
a person walks forward at a steady pace
a man stands with arms on the side, leans to the right and moves one step to the right.
a man stands without moving for a few seconds, then takes a small side step
person moves to the left aggressively, shoulder first. seems to be more aggressive
a person takes one step forward starting with their left leg.
a person takes a step forward
person is still, then does a single step forward with both legs
a person walks in a circle
a person walks in a curve to their left.
a person casually walks in a counter clockwise arc towards the right hand side, then stops and stands.
the man walks forward, seemingly down a slight ramp.
a man walks forward slowly in a straight line.
a person walks in a semi-straight line one foot after another.
a figure lowers its arms and then staggers forward to the left haggardly
the person is walks diagonally but using only their left leg while dragging their right, they then make a pouncing action with their arms before diagonally walking backwards but with no balance
the person is leaning over limping while he is walking.
the person first gestures toward the view with one hand, then brings their hands together and makes a rowing or beckoning gesture. then the person bends over for a second before standing back up and raising their hands above their head indicating a diving gesture.
a man brings his arms down, lifts his right hand to his head and lowers it, then vigorously rotates both arms forward in a circle, before bowing to his right and then bringing both arms up to toss something in that direction.
a person raise the hands nad pull it down
a man walks slowly down a slope
a person walks forward starting with their left foot taking four steps.
a person slowly walks forward.
a man hops on the spot a few times using both legs, with his arms loose to his side.
a man jumps up and down with his arms lowered.
he jumps three high times
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a man walks in clockwise circle.
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
person is lifting something up.
a person lifts a weight above head.
a person raises their hands over their head and then down again
a person walks forward up stairs
a person walks up stairs.
a man marches in place.
a person casually walks downward in a straight line, then stops and stands.
a person walks and comes to a stop.
a person starts walking forward.
a person runs quickly in a figure eight to the left.
a person raises both arms slightly, and moves quickly.
a person runs around the room.
a person raises both arms, does torso twists and side bends to both sides, then stretches their back, first backwards, then bent over forward.
lifting arms to head bent at 90 degree angles.  twisting at the waist clockwise then counter-clockwise. then bending downward at waist touching the ground with hands
a person starts with their legs outstreched then bend to their left then right, twists left then right and finally stretches back and forwards.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person raising, then slaming down right arm/ hand.
a person throws an object using their right hand.
person walks backward clockwise in a full circle then another five steps backward then turns
a man walks backwards in a circle.
person walking backward in a clockwise circle
someone is working out and lifting something with a hand
a person waves their left hand side to side
person is waiving hands slowly.
the person is waving their arms in the air
person is likely excercising.
a figuring hitting something in the air first with left and and then with right
a man brings arms and hands together, sways left to right, brings his right arm down and then back up again.
rotating his/her body left and right
a person raises both hands to their chest, rotates their torso, squats in this position then lowers their right hand and rotates their torso again. now lowering their hand
a person catches a ball in both hands then tosses it back with their right hand, they then attempt to catch another ball but drop it
person is doing an underarm throw and catching the ball again
a person tosses an object underhand with their right hand.
a man walks forward with a normal gate.
a person walks forward at a steady pace.
a man walks forwards at a medium speed while swinging his arms gently.
a person walks on a treadmill at a fast pace.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes fourteen steps on a treadmill.
a person walks in place.
a person walks forward, while holding arms stiff, with a bend at the elbow. with every step, they alternate swinging the opposite arm forward.
a man walks forward this his arms slightly stretched out.
the man takes 6 hulking steps forward.
a person walks forward clockwise, completing one full circle.
a person walks towards the left to make a circle.
the person walks in an oval circle from right to left and then back to right.
a person kicks as if he is kicking a ball.
a person moves forward kicking a ball with the right leg.
a person moves forward to strike ball.
a figure bends at the knees, picks up an object with both hands, and stands up while holding the object.
this person slowly bends at the knees and lifts a large ball.
a person squats down and picks something up
the person is knocking on something.
a person is swinging ther left arm over their chest
a person jerks their right hand up and past their face.
a person appears to be throwing a shot put with their arm starting near the shoulder position.
turns to the right and throws his right arm up and over his head
a person throws an object from their right hand.
person steps forward and bends both knees and bends body forward to put something on ground
a person takes a step forward, squats down, places their right hand on the ground in front of them, moves their hand slightly counter clockwise then stands up.
a person places something on the ground.
a man walks three paces forward.
a person is walking forward.
person person walked three steps forward and stopped.
the person is looking at an accident.
a person stayed on the place while sttreching the back
he accidentalyy hurts his back
the figure walks foward from left to right.  i looks like it is is holding onto something for support.  the movement seems slow and laboured.
a person walked forward using there right hand to support a few of their steps
starting with left foot, walk 4 steps. while right side is walking with cane for assistance.
the person is standing in place.
a person gracefully performs a contemporary dance.
a person with their left leg behind their right leg lifts their right hand then brings it down.
a person is dancing ballerina
the man is dancing using both legs and arms
a dancer with arms raised and spread, steps away from the viewer, gracefully bowing, then raising their left arm, then both arms, performing ballet steps and a single pirouette and leg dip, up a ramp.
a man lifts an object with his right hand to his face.
man stands with his legs at the side, picks something up with his right hand, holds it with both, then drops the item and waves both his hands to the sides
person picks something up and look at it
a person is pushed lightly from the right side.
a person sways from right to left and then stops.
a person is lightly pushed from left to right.
a side person side-steps to the right, then side-steps to the left.
a person steps sideways to their right, then they step sideways to their left, and they step sidewise right back to their original spot.
a person side steps to their right, then back past their original position.
a man seems to catch a ball from right and runs to left..
a person moves thier hands in one directs & runs in the other one.
someone catches a ball and runs diagonally forward and to the left while dibbling the ball twice.
a person hammers a nail into a wall.
a man holds something in both hands and then uses his left hand to bring it up towards his face.
a man opens a bottle and uses his left hand to drink from it.
the man first steps back with his right foot, than follows his left. the man begins to sit facing his left side. he sits for four seconds than gets back up, with his left foot leading.
a man takes a seat and holds his hands up
a person steps back, sits down, and then stands back up.
a person posing like a model for a photograph shoot
a person walks forward and places both hands on hips then walks backwards.
the moves forward and makes a pose
a person runs in a circle while facing the same direction
a person walking backwards, then forwards in a circle pattern.
the person is walking around.
a person walks side to side.
a person walks to their right, then walks past their original position to the left, then return to their starting position.
the person paces back and forth at a medium pace
a person walking straight forward
a person walks forward at normal pace.
a person is walking forward
a person hops slowly twice in a row.
a person is jumping on his or her tip toes.
a person jumps a few inch off the ground twice keeping body upright
a person walks backwards and then forwards.
a person freely walks forward.
this person moves backwards then slowly to the front and right.
a man walks forward with a limp in his right leg and then walks in the other direction.
man pacing on uneven ground
a person walks forward one step at a time, leading with their left foot, then turns around and continues.
a person kicks a ball with his right leg.
a person comes slightly forward and kicks with his left feet and swings his right hand.
a person makes a kicking motion with their right leg.
a man turns to his right, walks forward, then suddenly staggers as he holds his shoulder with his right arm as though struck by something, then resumes walking, turns to his right, and walks again.
the person was walking around and hurt their right arm.
person is walking and has sudden arm injury
a person bends forward and picks something up on the left, then places it down on the right
a person slightly bends over to pick something up and then sets it down to his right.
person bends down a little in a lifting position and moves hands left to right
this person is stretching his right leg.
the person drop some thing on the right foot.
person lifts right foot a few times and ties something on their right foot
the man walks across to get something walks back then back again to put the thing back.
a person turns and walks forward touches something and does it again .
slight asian bow like in movies
a man bows very slowly.
a person slightly bows forward, bending at the hips
the character scratches his head with his right arm
person scratching their head with right hand.
a man is standing on the ground ,lifting his right arm up and then down.
the person is walking towards the right.
a person carefully walks around
a person shuffles to their right, turns clockwise and shuffles back to the beginning position.
man punching with just his right fist
the person is punching at someone.
a person repeatedly jabs at an object or person with their right hand, then crouches to jab lower.
the person is walking on the treadmill.
a person casually walks forward.
a stick man walks and sways his left arm
a red and white stick figure is walking step by step in a straight line.
someone is walking on a beam and keeping balance.
a figure walks in a straight line with both arms outstretched, and the comes to a standstill and rests its arms at its sides.
this person gets on all fours and crawls.
a person bends on their knees and crawled on the ground.
the person got down on his knees and started crawling.
s person is taking something off the shelf
a person is waving their arms up and down.
a man raises his right arm, lowers it and then raises his left.
a person step slides from the left to the right.
a person side-steps to the right.
a person sidesteps to the left
the person is a leaning over.
a person bent down with their right hand on their chest.
a person is hunched over with their right hand on their face.
a person hops on his right foot and then turns in place in a counter clockwise circle.
robot is standing on his right hand start jumping and turned his back.
the person is walking around.
this person walks around as if a zombie.
a person walks like a mummy while making the shape of an s.
the person is walking like a mummy.
the man throws something with his hand.
a person raises their right arm and brings it down forcefully in front of them, making a downwards slapping motion.
a person moves his right hand in a throwing motion.
the person bends his right arm at the elbow and puts it in front of his face, then returns it to his side.
right handed upper cut.
a person performs a slow right handed uppercut.
person does 4 kicks, two forward and two going back.
a person warming up their legs by jumping and walking
the person is jogging and jumping around.
a man pets a large dog.
a person that puts their hands together and starts rubbing something on their head
a person rubs their head with both hands.
person walking slowly in a circle
a person walks sluggeshly around in a circle.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle exhaustedly.
this person stands and sways around as if to be social in a crowd.
a figure slaps downward to the left.
the figure looks like it is saying hello to others
a person is walking forward down stairs.
a person stepping down the stairs
a person walks slowly forward on to a grey rectangle leaving a trail behind him
a person being pushed to their right
a man side steps to the left.
a person steps to the right.
a man walks forward and stumbles on a step.
a person is pushed from the back and recovers.
a person is pushed by their right shoulder from the back while walking.
a person sliding backwards to sit down then gets up and slides back to original spot.
person takes a step left, sits down and stands back up
takes a step to the left, to sit down then gets back up and takes a step to the right.
a person bowls during cricket
a person uses right arm to pull back then bring in the middle to then rotate the right arm counter clockwise and once at the top lets go while also lifting right leg up then moving forward and stepping back down.
a man throws his right arm back and then forward in a throwing motion.
a person raises his arms and claps quickly.
a person stands still while clapping their hands quickly.
person is clapping while standing up.
a person is walking back and fourth.
a person pacing back and forth, then stops in the middle.
the man is using the guitar
someone playing the guitar or small string instrument
a person strums a guitar/banjo with their right hand while holding the neck in their left.
the person walks backwards in an s pattern
a person walks backward turning in different directions using their arms to keep their balance.
a person looks around them in a scared fashion.
a person reaches down with their right hand then stands up and walks straight forward.
person is picking picks something then is seen walking forward.
a person reaches down to their right and picks up an object, then walks forwards.
a person receives an impact on their right shoulder and stumbles backwards.
a person that has tripped backwards but not fallen
a person loses balance and trips backwards to the left.
subject starts in squat position and remains for two seconds.
someone eating finger right, exercise
someone is squatting, arms shaking slightly in front of their face.
a person stretches both arms above their head.
a man is standing still before he stretches both arms up into the air
a person initially standing still, then extends both arms over head in stretching motion, then returns to original position.
a person kicks with their left leg
person is kicking soccer ball.
a person kicks their right leg.
person walking slow from side to side with wide spread legs and arms
person is walking down with arms away from body.
a person makes slow, wide steps forward.
a person slowly makes a circle with their right arm about the shoulder while walking.
a person is waling forward, while he reaised his right hand to forward direction
a person high fives whilst walking forward.
a person lifts the left arm and turns over the hand palm side up.
a person examining its own left hand for a few seconds
a person stands with his arms at his sides, bends his left elbow slightly and turns his left hand palm upwards, then returns to his original position.
a person sits down, crosses their legs and then stands up.
a man sitting with his legs crossed
stits down with legs crossed then stands back up
the person is jogging in a circle then stands at starting point.
a person runs carefully in a circle to the right.
the man runs in a clockwise circle.
a man touches his head with his right hand.
a standing person raises left hand in a salute, then puts it back down.
a man smoking with his left hand.
a person walks forward and immediately makes a right hand turn.
a person walks to the right.
a person uses their legs to walk in a clockwise direction but does not go all the way.
a person is walking while holding a drink in their hand.
person moves forward swaying side to side then picks sometime up with right hand and holds near face and moves hand slightly
a person walks very feminine fo get a drink
the person walks up 4 steps. they use the hand rail with their right hand. they stop on a step and stand at rest.
a person is walking up stairs while using railing for support with their right hand.
a person takes steps up a staircase while holding and pulling the railing with his right hand twice.
a person walking in a crouched over position
a person takes slow, steady steps forward with their arms loose at their side
a person starts walking with their right foot first and takes eleven steps forward.
man jumps twice in place
a person hops in place twice.
someone jumping up and down lightly.
a man raises his right hand to waist level then rotates the hand and arm clockwise.
a figure stiring a pot clockwise with its left hand
a person moves their right arm in front of them as if cleaning something such as a counter or a table
a person walking quite fast towards the camera, 4 steps total
a person quickly walks forward a few steps then stops.
a figure walks quickly forward starting with his right foot first
the person takes a big step with their right foot foward
person takes a long step right
a man taking a big step forward.
a person down on their right knee with hands behind their head, stands up and stumbles around with their hands down, and continues stumbling around as they put their hands out to the side.
person lost balance before trying to gain composure of balancing the object on forehead
someone who puts something on their forehead and then trying to balance it
a person lowers their arms, jumps up, and slowly takes five steps backwards.
a person lowers his raised arms to his sides, jumps once then walks forwards and upwards as if he is going up stairs while his right arm is raised to hold a rail guard.
someone is stepping around.
a person slowly walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks slowly, injured.
a person is slowly walking in a clockwise circle
the person is side stepping.
person facing forward does 5 small slow steps to the right then 5 slow steps to the  left
standing to the right side
a person sitting and readjusting position to the left.
a person is sitting on a stool, with their left leg up, then they readjust their position and swap legs.
a person sits down on a stool, stands up, and sits down again switching legs each time.
robot is jumping vertically and uplifting his arms while jumping.
bends his knees and jumps up swinging arms over head, repeats this 3 times
a person is jumping up and down on the same spot raising is arms above his head as he jumps
person throwing upper punch with his left arm
a person throws a left upper-cut punch.
person is stretching to the left and reaching upward.
a personal walks forwards at a slight angle and stops.
a person walks towards the bottom right of a square.
a person walks straight forward.
a person quickly runs foward.
man running and stopping after
person walks quickly forward for 2 strides then stops.
a person picks something up with both hands, tilts it, then sets it down
robot is picked up something from his left and then placed it on his right then placed something to his left side.
a person bends over with both arms hanging down, picks up an imaginary item, and with his left hnd, places it on a surface. he then goes back to the starting position.
a person is walking and stumbles.
a person walking forward, that struggled to maintain a balance.
a person is walking and then loses their balance. they stumble.
walking side to side.
a person turns to their right, then to their left, then back to their original position and walks sideways for a few steps.
person makes a quarter turn to their right, half turn to their left, another quarter turn to their right, and then sidesteps to their right four times
a person leans forward, checks their watch, and then paces around.
a man lifts his right arm to check the time on his watch. he walks to the left and looks doen at soemthing.
a person looks at their right wrist then walks to the left .
person walks very slowly five steps and then stands still
person walks straight forward slowly
a person is walking slowly
the person is dancing around backwards.
person is bouncing up and down nervously
a person hopping backwards, then takes one step to the right.
a person walks counterclockwise in a large curve while swinging their arms.
a person walks in a large, counterclockwise, circular shape.
a man walks in a counter clockwise circle.
this person waves his hands all around and steps backwards.
a man sweeps his arms forward, then spins them around in two circles as he hops in place.
a person is jumping rope.
a person takes a deliberately large step, to step over something.
individual took a big step.
a person takes a large step down.
a person clutches at backpain with right hand.
a man walks forward while leaning to his left with his right hand on his right hip, appearing to be in pain.
a person stops walking and grabs their lower back in pain.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a man is waving with this left hand.
a person raises his left arm and waves several times.
a person steps forward with their right foot one pace and steadies themselves with their left foot.
a person steps forward on his left leg, stops and extends his left leg a short distance and touches his foot to the ground
a person is pushed slightly and recovers.
a person doing jumping jacks .
a person performs jumping jacks.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a man kicks two times in opposite directions of a perpendicular a angle.
a person kicks with right foot to the right and then kicks forward with right foot.
a person turns to the side and kicks their roght foot in the air, then turns forward and kicks their roght foot again.
the person is walking normally on a treadmill.
person is walking on a treadmill
a person walks on a treadmill at a normal pace.
this person walks quickly from a left angle and turns around to walk back.
a person walks at a quick pace forward and then turns to walk back at a quick pace.
man stands up bend body forward, bend body backward and position bend body back in a  straight upward position repeats the same maneuver again.
the person repeatedly stands up and bows.
bending down multiple times.
a person walks forward 6 steps, turns around to face the direction they came from, sites and the gets up and walks back to starting point.
the walks forward then sits down
a person walks forward, turns around, then sits down on something, before getting up again and walking forward.
person is trying to get someone to stop
a man holds his hand out, steps forward, then holds them back and takes a step back.
a   man is holdin   something  and move
a person lightly crouches and walks backwards, turning once then goes to the right making the same movements.
a hunched-over person with both hands near each other in front, walks randomly around while looking towards the ground.
this person swings around, moves to the left and back to the right.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks in a clockwise motion.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
the motion starts out by jumping to the side and then starts dancing to the macarina.
the person is doing the macarena dance.
person is doing macarena dance
a person dancing to old school music
the man is dancing using legs and arms
a person dances in place, swaying his hips, and swinging his arms.
person rotates arm to centre and moves up and down to put an item of clothing on
a man puts his arms together and then picks something up,
a human tie the waste and flares the dress
a man jumping and raising arms.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person does a variation of the standard jumping jack where they pause their hands in a t pose for a step before bringing them all the way up on the next jump
someone is sitting down and thinking about what to do
a person gets into a fighting stance with slightly bent knees.
the person is posing with hands forward.
walks forward directly and stops
a person walks around to the right.
a person walks diagonally across the room
a person kneels down onto the floor.
a figure kneels with the support of arms.
person bends down and sits on there knees with body upright and hands off the ground
person walking with hands out in a line.
a man is walking forward.  with each step he alternately places his hands on something to help support his weight.  he appears to be walking between a handrail and a table.
a man walks forward whilst using somthing either side of him to balance himself.
a person walks forwards, grabs something with his right hand, and walks backwards
a person takes a few steps forward and bend down slightly, takes their right arm and opens something
a person steps forward to picks up and place an item.
a person lowers both of his raised hands.
from a crouched position with both arms raised to shoulder height, the person slowly lowers their arms, waits, and then slowly raises their arms again
a person stands their squatting for a while, and then lifts their arms out.
a person takes 5 steps backwards.
a person walks slowly backwards.
a person steps slowly backwards.
a person jumping around with alternating hip twisting motions and then does a 360 degree counter clockwise spin
a person hops back and forth, and then jumps a 360
a man is dancing and then jumps and does a spin in the air.
a person stands in place while flexing both biceps.
the figure flexes its arms upwards towards its face at elbow level five times.
a person uses both of their hands to curl an object 5 times at the same time.
someone lightly jogs forward and hesitantly looks over the edge.
a person walks forward bouncing then bounces in place.
person edges back and forth and takes small steps forward
a stick figure is seen standing in place with his arms up, bending inwards.
person stands stiff and attention with hands on hips
a person standing straight with their arms out front.
a person walks forward with a specific type of gate, almost strutting a little.
a person briskly walks in a nearly straight line.
a person speed walking forward.
a person swaying his/her leg a certain motion and raising their right arm
a person stumbles about completely dazed and throws a left handed uppercut whilst still stumbling.
a person punches their left arm up while tilted to the right, with their right foot crossed in front of their left.
a person steps forward and kicks aggressively with their right leg, then quickly squats and jumps.
a person winds up right arm and does a kick with left leg.
the person kicks their right leg, then jumps up in the air.
a person is performing a dance, by alternatingly raising both arms (like a chicken) while putting an alternate foot out in front of them; then hopping to their right and repeating the sequence.
person is acting like a dancing aunt.
person is doing a dance
a person performs a salsa dance.
a person is dancing part of a partner dance.
a person moves in rythym to the musical beat moving his arms. at the same time the person moves his feet back and forth in a
the figure shambles in a drunken state, struggling to walk in a straight line; it moves awkwardly towards the right.
the person walks forward, then over to the right, as if they are trying to step over something.
a person walks forward with their arms at their sides.
walking forward while limping.
the person is walking leaning to the right.
a person walks forward while leaning slightly right, then turns around and does the same thing back.
a person walks down some stairs.
walks downwstairs forward directly
a person takes two steps before coming to a full stop
the person is doing the salsa dance.
person shakes hips and shoulders, moving feet forward and back, then bends left elbow and makes a sweeping motion with right hand and right leg.
the man is dancing around
person raises both hands towards one another to their chest, then lowers hands back to “normal” position
a man bends both of his elbows bringing his hands close to his face.
a person moves both hands toward his mouth like he's eating corn on the cob.
person reaches for an object on their left with both hands and gestures a movement of this object to their right.
a man picks something up with both hands and moves it to the side.
a person makes a motion of moving something from one place to another
a person walks to the right, then to the left, then back to their original position in the middle.
a person is pacing side to side
person is walking back and forth.
he moves to the side
a person stands there, then steps to the right one time.
a person takes a step to his right.
a man jumps up and down several times as he moves his forearms in tight circles, stops as he kicks at the ground, then resumes the original motion.
the man is using a jump rope and jumping up and down through it.
a woman smiles, extends her right hand out to accept the hand in front of her. she grasps it firmly as the man raises it to his lips and kisses it.
person picks up something on their left side and moves it to their right side
a man picks something up with both hands and moves it to the side.
a person picks something up with both hands at mid thigh height, lifts it to waist height then sets it down close to the original position
a person speed walking in a forward motion
person runs forward a few paces, slightly veering to the right.
a person runs straight forward.
a person throws something twice, then kicks at the air twice, then throws twice while moving in a circle
a stick figure on a dimensional plane walks to the right and turns up the plato to the left and swings hands.
walking around in circles swinging his arms and kicking at something
the subject appears to cross his legs and kneel to the ground, then proceeds to stand back upright.
a person puts his right foot behind his left and begins to sit down cross-legged, but then stands up again.
a person bending down into crosslegged position and then standing up.
a person appears to be sitting and driving a car.
man sits moving, arms, hands, legs, and feet.
a person sitting on the ground turns a steering wheel
a person stands still and does not move.
a person raised the hands and pull it down
a person goes from arms out in t-pose, to down at their side.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks in a circle to the right.
person walks in a slow clockwise motion.
a person walks counter clockwise for a lap
a person walks in almost a perfect circle.
a man walks clockwise in a circle.
character raises right arm to shoulder height then drops to side.
a person slides something to the right.
a person standing and puts left arms out.
a person holds out their hands as someone sets something in their hands.
a person lifts something with both hands and then places it down slightly away from the original pickup points
someone is lifting something heavy and putting it somewhere else
a person trips over something on his left leg and stumbles forward.
person is stepping forward.
a person trips and stumbles forward.
a man bends his arms and jumps in place.
a person jumps in the air.
a person performs a jump
someone is waving his left hand.
a person raises right hand to head level, waves side to side a couple of times, and then drops the hand down.
a person moves their right hand up and waves before putting it back down
the right and left arms extend up above the right shoulder.
a person puts both arms into the air.
a man raises his fists above his shoulders in a fighting position, facing the left side of the screen.
a person takes five steps starting with their right foot and then stops.
a person walks down stairs.
a man walks a few steps downwards at medium pace, then stops.
a person slightly raises their right arm while standing up
a person waves their left hand.
a person lifts something heavy with their left arm.
a person walks around with frustrated gestures.
a person steps backward several paces while throwing hands in the air out of frustration. the person thenwalks forward, shaking their hands in anger and paces backward again.
a person paces in a rough circle, while thrashing their hands angrily.
a person lifts weights with their right hand
person lifts up something with right hand using their forearm and repeats
a man lifts an object multiple times with his right hand.
a person hops then climbs stairs.
a person puts hands up then jumps in place before walking up stairs and using their right arm for support.
a person moves their arms down to their sides, hops, and then begins to walk up stairs with their right hand held out.
a person raised right hand and after pull it down
a person lifts their right arm up to their head, then brings it back down.
a person moves their right hand to their head and then drops it back down.
a person takes a step forward, then kneels down with their right leg while using their right hand to steady himself.
a person gets down on both knees.
a persons carefully going down to their knees.
a man picks something up and then puts it back down.
the person picked something up and tilted on its side and then put it back down.
a person picks something up, tilts it, then sets it down
a person grabs something in front of them with their left hand and then raises their arms from their sides.
a person raised the left hand and pull it down
he moves his hand forward
a person stands and brushes off the table with their left hand.
a figure bends his left arm in front of him and sweeps his arm to the left
a person sliding their hand to the left.
a figure lifts his right arm and stretches it overhead
a person exercises by stretching their right arm over their head while leaning to the left.
a person outstretches right hand over head and bends over to their left side
a man is taking a garden hoe and tilling his ground with it to prepare his garden.
a person shakes out a push broom then continues to use it to clean around them.
a person moving both arms toward and away from body as if mopping the floor.
a person is stretching their right leg by swinging it up in front of them.
a person low kicking from ground
the person kicks out with his right foot while crossing over with his left arm several times.
a person takes one step to the right
a man side steps to the right.
a person steps to the right.
the person is walking down the cat walk.
a man walks in a mostly straight line with his hands on his hips, turns around at the end
the hands are on the hips as the body walks around pacing in a jagged line.
a man runs forward, in a medium speed.
a man picks up both feet and uses both arms to run forward.
a person jogs forward in a straight line.
a man repeatedly lifts both arms toward his face at a 90 degree angle.
a person bringing hands and arms up to shoulder at same time and back down to sides at same time.
aman lifting arms to shoulder.
person is warming up by twisting their arms round in a circle and jogging on the spot
a person runs in place, swings his arms, then does jumping jacks.
a man is jogging in place and doing arm exercises
the man reaches his right hand into the air then shrugs and digs a hole and shrugs again.
a person put something above them like on a shelf, shrugs, then does a shoveling motion
a man grabs an object above his head with his right hand.
a person sits eating sandwich with both hands.
an animal squats down holding his prey ready to have a meal.
person is in a seating position and moved slowly towards the right turning head
a person catches a ball with their left arm then throws it with their right arm.
a person catches something and throws it with his hands.
the person catches and throws something.
the person is doing something at the counter and moving it to the right.
a person presses things in front of them with their right hand.
a person touches things in front of them with their right arm.
a standing person leans forward and down then back up placing both their hand up infornt of their chest then elaning forward and down
a person holds his arms out in front of him, bows slightly, lowers his arms, raises them again, and bows once more.
a person bows with their arms bent beside them.
a person holds both hands together and makes some circular motions, putting their upper body into it.
a person emulates a fish.
a person makes a fishing-like motion with their arms and hands.
a person takes four steps forward, walking at a somewhat quick pace.
a person walks forward, walking slightly to the right.
person walks forwards and stops
a person is pushed by their left arm while walking forward.
person steps forward three steps then stumbles then does one more step
a person walks forward, and appears to stumble catching themselves with their left foot.
the man plays the violin.
a person looking at their phone with left hand.
the person is playing the violin with his left hand.
a person is stretching his right leg behind him and then starts performing running in one place while spinning clockwise.
a person does a lunge and starts jogging in place.
a person performs a lunge thrust with their left leg and then jogs in place while rotating clockwise.
a man rubs his head.
he puts his hand to his head, scratches it, and lets it down.
a person puts their right arm above their head as if scratching their head.
the person walks forward and forcefully throws an object with their left hand
the man steps with his left foot and proceeds with the right. the man picks up his right arm and makes a throwing motion as if it were a baseball. the man than repositions back to his original form.
the person throws something with his right hand.
a standing person leans forward and shakes their shoulders before leaning up to their original position
a person stands with arms at their side and then alternatively moves their shoulders up and down in a shimmying motion.
a person shakes shoulders vigorously.
a person runs sideways to their left.
a person dribbles a ball while walking sideways to the left.
a person dribbles a basketball while moving sideways.
a person sits with arms resting on his thighs, holding his hands
the person is sitting completely still with his hands clasped together
someone standing stationary with knees bent slightly and hands claped together in frint of body.
a person drastically stumbles around.
person staggers around, leaning over briefly, then stumbling back a bit trying to maintain balance.
person having trouble maintaining balance
person is standing and excercising arms.
a person moves their head in a circular motion many times.
a man stands with his knees bent, lowers his outstretched arms, then raises them again.
figure gets down on hands ans knees yo crawl around in a circle a few times and then gets back up
a figure slowly crouches down onto its handa and knees before rotatibg clockwise
a person gets onto their knees and crawls in a circle
a person performs a dance
the man is dancing with a kick foot arm swinging dance.
a person is dancing ballet.
a person claps both of their hands together.
a person grabbed the hands and started to clap
a person gives an applause, pauses, then applauses again.
a man throws an object with his right hand, clasps both hands together, then returns to a standing position.
a person raise his right hand in a motion to throw something, then reaches down as if to catch something.
person throws item with right hand then  brings both hands together
a person walking quickly down steps.
running onto a square stop
a person walks forward in a straight line slightly hunched over.
the upper body slightly turns to the right and back with hands dangling by the side.
the person stands and briefly moves.
the upper body turns quickly to its right. it's arms bounce from the movement.
feet apart, a person jumps in place three times using their arms to balance.
a person casually bounces up and down while flailing their arms.
the figure jumps up and down 3 times.
person walks forward, then walks back and then proceeds to walk forward
a person takes three steps forward, then takes one step back, and then continues walking forward.
the person is taking a few steps foward then steps back and then walks at a regular pace foward then stops
walking wobbly as if drunk or dizzy.
person walks forward then right arm and shoulder stumble to the right hand side two times
a man stumbles walking from side to side.
bending down and grabbing something.
a person tracks somethings movement on the ground near their feet, reaches down with one hand to gather and scoop it up, and is successful when both hands are used.
a man bends foward ,stretches his right hand towards the ground and then followed by the left hand trying to search something.
a man claps his hands together.
a man claps his hands a few times then returns his arms to his sides.
a person pounds his right hand into his left hand.
a person walks in a straight forward motion.
a person is walking forward.
a person is walking forward.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
walks in the clockwise circle at a average pace
a man walks anti-clockwise in a large circle.
a person sidesteps from right to left then walks back
a person side steps toward to their right.
a person takes a quick step to their right, then goes back into the original place.
person quickly walks in a  clockwise position with shoulders facing back happy
the person is walking back and forth.
it is someone walking across the room.
a man is slightly crouched, and he moves his right arm, pauses with his arms at his sides, then brings his arms up, wiggles his hands, then slams his left arm down.
a standing person makes a dribbling motion quickly with his left hand and then uses his left hand to reach over and touch his right hand fingertips
a person shakes his right hand, raises his left hand and touches it and then lowers both hands.
a man extends left arm, then moves arm around at the elbow.
person is making different movements with left arm
person is bending left arm upwards, downwards and a waving position while the right arm is still
a person slightly turns to the left and pretends to scoop up something and then turns to the right and lets it go and returns to standing.
a person lifts an object from the left to the right.
person is moving something to the side.
a person is squatting while mimicking felletio.
someone is crouched low to the ground in a squat while shaking their fists.
a person squatting with arms held up and bent at the elbows pumps their right fist in the air.
a person moves their right hand in large circles in front of them, and then does the same with their left
a person rotates their left hand in front of their body, then their right hand.
a person uses circle motions with his left hand then his right hand
a person runs backwards and then changes direction to run forwards
a man runs backwards and the runs forwards.
a man seems to be walking forward and then continuously steps up, as if climbing stairs.
someone walking up the stairs
a person walks forward then walks up steps.
the person puts the groceries on the shelf
person takes something from a shelf, walks away with it, walks back and throws it
a person walks forward, leans down, picks something up, walks away, walks back, puts the object down, walks back.
a person standing straight ,holding hands .
a person hold their hands out in front of them and slowly swings back and forth starting to the right
a stick person stands in a wide stance and looks as if they are swinging a golf club
a person raises their left arm and waves before placing it back down beside them.
a man waves with his left hands.
a person waves their arm
a person is jogging on a treadmill.
a man runs on a treadmill.
a person is running on the spot.
the man is cutting a banana
a figure grabs something and starts making a cutting motion on whatever else he has in the blue colored hand
a person is cutting something with a knife
a man walks forward before stopping.
a man stepz then skips forward twice
a man walks in the forward direction bouncing time to time
a person slowly climbs up a step by holding it, and then climbs back down.
a person goes up 2 steps on a ladder starting with their left foot going up and right foot going down, using their hands to hold on to the ladder.
the foward facing figure climbs two steps up a ladder, it then decends by two steps and halts once reaching the ground.
a person walking forward four steps with their arms down beside them and then they stop.
a person walks in a diagonal line from the right to the left side.
someone walking at a diagonal.
a person waves both arms in the air.
the person raises their arms to the side
a man lifts and lowers his arms as they are folded inward and does so again as he extends his arms.
a person moves something out of the way in a effort to advance forward.
a person waves their right hand and then slightly bends down to the right and takes a few steps forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person shakes their arms in a downward motion
the man is shaking his arms
a person shakes out their arms
a man walks forward in a circle before stopping.
person is walking slowly in a clockwise position swaying arms
a person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person bear crawls across and back in the space
the person drops to the floor and crawls using their hand and fleet to contact the ground.
a person crawling on floor, right and left hands.
moving arms side to side while walking.
a person holds their arms up and steps in rhythm as if doing a partner dance.
person looks to be dancing by themselves
a squat jump with the arms wiggle back and forth the sides.
person jumps vertically twice into the air.
a person jumps on the spot.
person is walking clockwise circle from 3:00 to 6:00
a person walks towards his right.
someone is walking forward and to the right along an arcing path.
the person is stretching something.
overhead throw from right hand
a man recoils his right arm in a backward, then forward motion as through throwing a ball.
a man bends down and picks something up witn his right hand.
a man leans forward and touches the ground with his right arm.
a person stands with their hands together, step foward then reaches down to pick something up.
a person seems to be doing aerobics or some sort of dancing in-place.
a person jogs while making a small counterclockwise circle.
a man runs on the spot in a small circular motion, whilst facing forwards throughout.
the man does 2 karate kicks to the right then 2 kicks to the left.
the person was doing a sidekick with his right leg.
a person kicks to his right several times and then kicks forward with his left foot several times.
the person is pretending to be an elephant.
a person waves their right arm in front of their face and wiggles their body.
a person doing an elephant impression
a person squats down to the ground, picks up a box, then stands back up, and places the box on a higher surface.
a person squats to the ground and stands back up.
a person bends at the knees and picks up something with both hands, before standing and placing it down in front of them.
the person is crouching down crossing his legs.
a person tries to keep their balance as they stand cross-legged.
person trying to balance on their legs
a man lifts his right knee to his left elbow, then his left knee to his right elbow multiple times and then squats.
a man lifts his left knee to his right elbow and vice-versa several times, before holding his arms out in front of him and dropping into a squat.
brings opposite knee to opposite elbow back and forth multiple times then goes into a squat.
a person does a full golf swing.
a person swings something with both hands, starting with hands pointed towards the ground, then swinging their arms to the left and then to the right.
a person swings back with hands clasps, then swings forward.
a man jogs back and forth in an arc
a man jogs in a semi-circle, turns around and jogs in the opposite direction.
moving the floor at left side and coming back on the way at right side.
a person kicks their left leg around in front of them while balancing on their right leg.
a person is standing on one leg and swinging the other
the person is holding onto something moving there left leg back-and-forth.
subject walks in a full circle, then side steps to turn around and walk around something to avoid running into.
the man is walking normally
a figure walks quickly in an irregular pattern , arms slightly swaying at their sides.
person kneeling down qith stool
gets down on his knees and stays there
a person kneel son their right knee and then their left knee.
a man waves his left hand.
person person is waving at people with their right hand.
the man waves with his right hand all around to everyone.
the person marches straight forward
a person marches in a straight line while mving their arms uo and down by their sides.
a person marches forwards, raising their knees high and pumping their arms
the person is  swinging their hands out.
someone is angrily slamming something on the ground
a person raises their right hand above their head and swings it forward quickly.
the person is hanging froma pole and is swinging back and forth
a person swings on a grip bar.
the person jumps to grab and hold on to something, then starts to swing their body back and forth before landing back in their starting position.
the person is jumping in place.
a person making a jumping straight up with their elbows bent up.
person jumps up twice with there shoulder locked and arms up and down
a person raises his arms, walks slowly forward keeping both feet in line, stops, and then lowers his arms.
the person is liting hands up and walking.
a person raises hands and walks forward graciously.
a person moves their elbows back and forth, moves forward, picks an object up off the ground, walks right, and reaches their right arm out.
a person walks forward, bends down to pick something up off the ground, and walks right to place the object down in a different location.
a man is hunched over with his arms bent to either side, then steps forward, picks something up with his right arm, then turns to his right and steps over to set it down on something.
a person runs in a circle twice counter-clockwise.
a person is running around in circles.
a person jogs around in a counter clockwise circle.
someone is lifting something up.
a person raises both arms over their head and then lowers them to a 90 degree angle.
a person lifting weight above shoulders and head.
person walk sideways crossing his legs.
a person is walking sideways
character is shuffling to their right, leg over leg before shuffling back to the starting area of the "plane"
a person with their arms extended up and out bring them back towards their bodies and lean back to the left.
a person leaning back and swinging arms.
a person holds their arms above their head, then leans back on their right leg
the stick figure  is squating but leaning side to side.
a person is warming up
the figurine is bending one leg to the left while the right leg is straight
a person kicks something with their right foot.
a person kicks a ball/object that is on the ground.
a person looks to be preparing for a field goal by doing a practice kick.
kicking foot while standing.
a person lightly kicks with their right and left leg.
a man swings his left leg in front of him and then his right leg.
person is dancing moving arms in a circle while alternating kicking feet. then while circling the arms the step to the right a few times. they jump to the right and then kick the left leg behind them, jump to the left and kick the right leg behind them
dancing randomly like an indian traditional dance and mix of western culture
a person dances side to side moving their arms wide in and out.
a person walks forwards, turns around on their right foot, and walks forwards.
a person walking forward and turning 180 degrees on his right foot to walk in the opposite direction.
a person walks forward, then pivots and walks back the way they came from.
a person walking carefully while holding onto rails on each side
a person carefully walking over a bridge/ rope, while supporting themselves with their hands.
a person walking forward while holding on to something.
someone deeply squats then barely jumps up.
a person bends down and jumps up.
from standing position person squats and jumps in the air
a person is reclining on the ground, then they lay down on their back and extend their legs, then sit up using their arms for support with their feet together.
a person sits on the floor and tries to stand up.
the toon is on their back raising both arms and legs, maybe doing yoga.
a person is standing with their right and left arms in front of them
the man is standing with feet and hands apart and his hands resting in front of him on something just below shoulder level.
a person stands with arms stretched in front of his body.
the figure is sitting there is no movement, the legs aren't too food apart but they are a little the arms are resting beside the body as opposed to on top of the thighs.
man stands still without motion.
a person stands with knees bent.
a person puts left hand on the ground and kneels down first on left knee and then both knees.
a person kneeling down.
a person kneels to the ground using their left hand as balance whilst on the way down
a person walks straight forward at slow pace.
take 5 steps forward beginning with the left foot
a person cautiously walks downward in a straight line and stops.
a person starts running softly in place, then speeds up dramatically.
a person running in the same spot.
a person in neutral position appears to start off in a slow jog (in place), accelerating his speed to a full sprint (in place).
a person walks backwards swinging his or her arms.
person is walking ahead.
a person walks straight forward with their hands at their sides.
a person steps down a few steps and moves to the right with both of their arms extended outwards to balance themselves while walking.
a person walks forward gently shakimg theirbarms then turns left and walk another step.
a person walks while putting their hands on something for support
a person walks forward and crouches.
a figure idly standing before taking 2 steps forward and then jumping
a person stands still, slowly walks forward, then begins to jump.
a man stands on the ground,moves his hands by crossing  them and then steps backwards and raises up both hands.
a person crosses their arms in front three times, takes several steps bacwards, then lifts their armsover their head.
a person stands with arms swaying back and forth across the body, takes four steps back, takes a step to the right, and raises arms above the head while taking a step forward.
a figure repeatedly turns towards the right hand side
a person looking to there right then shifting to their left.
a person stands while swinging their arms to the side.
a person rubs their chest with their right hand.
a person rubs their hand across their chest and upper stomach.
person with arms extended down near hips lifts right arm and rotates in a circle twice
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
a person is leisurely walking in circles while looking slightly down with both arms relaxed at his side.
a person walks in a circle
a person raises both his arms over his head
a person flexes their arm muscles first below and then above their head
a man is flexing his biceps.
a person keeps left foot planted and turns right foot and waist and punches cross body with right hand.
a person in defensive pose reaches with right arm out.
the person is  slow punching the air.
a person pauses briefly then casually walks downward in a straight line, and stands in a relaxed pose.
a person casually takes a few steps forward before stopping.
a man takes 5 steps in a forward direction
a person lifts his left hand up to his face and then puts it back down again
a person holds something up to their head with their right hand.
person lifts their hand up to their head as if they're taking a phone call
he gets pushed really hard
a person walks then quickly moves to the right
someone moving from side to side
robot walking up the stairs, turned back and then walk down the stairs.
a person walks up a set of stairs, turns around, and walks back down.
a person walks up and down the stairs .
a person walks forward and drops to the ground, then proceeds to breast stroke.
the person is doing the breaststroke swimming.
a person gets in the swimming pool and does the breast stroke.
a person stretches his shoulders and arms with help from the opposite hands
a man puts his left hand right shoulder  and then his right hand to his left shoulder and stretches his shoulder.
a person stretches their right shoulder , bringing it back , rotating it and then switches to their left shoulder , bringing it back twice , rotating it twice . they then move to warming up or stretching out their elbow joint by bringing their hand to their shoulder and then extend it fully and turn their inner arm outwards .
a man takes small steps backwards and forwards, sits cross-legged on the ground, then returns to a standing position.
a person lowers and sits cross legged and then stands back up.
a person takes a few small steps back, steps forward, sits down on the ground, and then gets back up.
someone is pulling something out using their right hand, and their left hand as leverage.
a person takes two steps bends over, tries to open something
wrapping his arms around something. then looks to be pulling on it.
a man holds his right hand out and then lowers it.
a person holds their hand out in front of them then lowers it
a person is stood still, puts their right arm forward, then lowers their arm to their side.
person is walking and may have been shoved on the side then walked back to normal.
a person is pushed from his left side and catches himself from falling before continuing to walk.
a person walks forward, and then stumbles toward the left hand side, before walking toward the right hand side again.
a man steps forward and then raises his arms in up.
a person takes a step forward then raises both hands in the air.
a man takes a step leaning to right and raises his arms.
the man is walking and then starts running diagonally.
a person walks forward then jogs
a person begins walking to his right and then begins to run.
a person walks forward, crouches, then walks back
a person walks forwards then turns around and sits down.
a person walks straight forward then turns around and squats down in a sitting position. they hold that for a couple seconds then stand back up and walk back
a person standing still shakes their body a bit.
a person stands and is nudged slightly from behind.
a person does a small body shift while standing.
a person is bent head over toes jumping and throwing arms wildly.
a person has arms back and head forwards bouning around.
the person flaps their arms, bending forward
a man punches upward with his left arm.
the man is boxing upwards
a person swings their right hand upwards.
the man is flexing his left arm
a person lifts their left hand making a curling motion with their arm.
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their left arm.
a person takes off their t-shirt with one arm.
left hand pull from stomach area up and over the head to their left
a person lifts their left arm and pushes their hand away from their face.
a person crosses one foot over the other in order to walk in a circle and then spins around.
walking in a circular motion.
a person walks casually in a clockwise circle
the guy was walking forward like a sexy lady.
a person slowly walked forward and walked in left direction
a person is walking down a ramp with their legs crossing in front of another. their arms are swinging to the sides. they turn and hold something with two hands and continue walking with their back leaned back
a man waves his left arm.
someone waving goodbye to love ones
a standing person bends his left arm at the elbow.
a person standing still and waving with his right hand.
a person waves their left hand to someone else.
a person raises the right arm and waves with the right hand.
a person side steps to the right and back to the left.
a person makes sideways steps to the left, and then to the right.
a person is taking side steps to the right and then to the left.
person appears to be banging on bongo drums or another type of drum-like instrument.
a person moving both hands up and down from the torso
person is walking forward playing the drums.
the person steps to the side to sit in a chair and then gets up and steps back
a person steps back and carefully sits down as if on a chair before rising and stepping forward again.
sitting down on a bench than standing back up
a person hops forward on only their left foot.
a person hopping down with his/her left leg.
someone hopping on only their left foot, then stands on two.
a person walks forward at a normal pace while alternately using each hand to steady themselves.
a man walks forward while balancing himself and then walks to the right.
a man walk carefully off the legs
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a man raises his right arm and then lowers it.
a man raises his right hand and rubs his head then lowers it back down.
a person walks forward then to their left.
the person is stepping slowly.
a person makes a quarter circle turn to the left.
a person appears to be performing a dance move, first moving backward, then forward, counterclockwise for one and a half circles, forward, and then backward again.
a person is swinging his arm while dancing.
a stick figure walks backwards, then forwards, and then walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a man scratches one hand then turns around.
a person is bent over the starts drying right arm.
the person was unscrewing a lid.
a person holding something and placing it away
a person gestures with their right hand and picks something up.
the person who was waving with his right hand.
a person walks forward, runs, then turns around to walk back.
a person walks forward few steps and completes the remaining step by running little bit and walks backwards as well.
the body walks forward then increases pace by slightly hopping faster as the body walks and turns around to walk at a normal pace.
person is squatting and and raises both arms up straight out and then down. then at the end then raises arms back up
a man is crouching and then raises his arms.
a person is sitting down with their hands at their knees.
a person is marching forward and quickly marching back.
a person walks up some stairs and then turns to the right and back down the stairs.
a person walks up some stairs, turns around, and walks back down.
a person walks forwards slowly.
the person takes four steps forward.
the person is walking forward.
ski mountain lodge  go down the mountain slowly
person shuffles slowly forward. and then he holds out his hands sideways to the side as if celebrating
a figure carefully rolls forward on a log before putting out both arms in clelbration
a person does a forward roll, finishing on their feet in a wide stand then raises their right arm out to the side
a man rolls forward with legs outstretched.
a person stands with their legs spread wide, performs a somersault into a standing position, then extends their right arm out to their side.
the person looks at his right wrist.
right hand goes up to the chest and back down to the side.
a person raises their right hand and looks at their wrist, checking the time.
a person sits, then stands and walks to the side, before going back to sit again
a person is sitting on a high platform, gets down and walks to the right, then returns to the seated start position.
the person is sitting on something that is elevated. they place both feet evenly on the floor and get to a standing position. the person then walks to the right about 6 paces then turns back and goes to the original location.
a person steps forward, turns around to his left, and steps back and stops.
a person walks forward, turns left then walks back.
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person is playing basketball and move quickly to the left
a person is playing basketball, fakes a shot and dribbles forward.
a man  moves his arms and then runs forward.
person is jogging back and forth.
a person runs to the right, then the left, then back to the right and then walks back to the left.
a person is jogging around.
a person walks in a clock wise circle and stops were he began.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a figure moves in a circle clockwise.
a person reaches forward with both arms and waves them around.
a person standing straight and shaking his arms.
a person shakes arms either side of body.
a person holds something above their shoulders and squats slightly
a man seems to be lifting weight with both hands and bending knees a bit
said person was lifting weights and squating
a person swings their arms in circles in front of them.
a person drops both arms then does a circular motion with both arms.
a person raises both hands in front of them, then do opposing circular motions with both hands.
a person walks forward quickly and leaves a trail behind them as if they are dripping paint
a person with no head walks down a rectangle block swaying his or her arms.
someone walking forward then stop
a person walks forward while intermediatly touching the ground.
person is picking up or moving things.
the person picks a few objects up in random spots, and puts them into some sort of bin.
figure appears to be sneaking around
the person sneaks while walking in a circle
a man slowly tiptoes in a circle.
a person walks in a circle
a person walking in left direction and after making the circle
the man walks forward fastly
a man shuffles backward defensively.
a person is practing defense moves.
a man shuffles with large steps in a zigzag fashion.
a person picks up an object with both hands, takes it to his right side and then puts it back at the same place.
a person picks up an object from their left and holds it up to their right before placing it back down.
person lifts something up from table and then lifts item to right side
a person runs forward and jumps over something, then turns around and jumps back over it.
a man slowly leaps forward, turns around and leaps again and then repeats the forward leap.
a person jogs and hops over object.
a person wallked in right direction upstairs and sat somewhere on the roof
a person walks in an arc to their right, climbs up something, takes a seated position and dangles the legs.
a person walks in a curve to the right, climbs up a ladder and sits while holding onto something.
a person walks straight, loses their balance and runs to the left, and then straightens out.
a man walks forward and is then pushed to the left.
a person walks forward, dodges to the left, then rights himself.
a person jogs on the spot and then begins to jog slowly in a figure of eight motion maintaining a forward facing body orietation.
a man sprints in place and then makes a circular motion facing 120 degrees as they sprint as if they are trying to hype up an exercise class.
a person running in place, followed by jogging in a small circle.
a person walks side to side with arms extended as if dancing
a man walks anticlockwise and then turns clockwise making a s shape  and then stops.
a person holds their arms out in a circle in front of them and quickly walk in a large s shape.
a person talks on the phone using their left hand while driving.
a man is sitting down and raises his left arm.
person crouches down and moves hands as if painting on a canvas.
person steps forward with left leg and then does a high kick with right leg
the man does a high kick with his leg.
person moves forward and kicks out with right leg
the person walks forward then turns around to walk in the direction they came from.
a person walks forward on their tip toes and turns around and walks back to their starting position on their tip toes.
a person walks, swinging their hips and arms side to side, then walks back.
a person walks backward while staring at the floor.
a person carefully walks bakwards while looking back and pauses halfway before stopping.
a person walks backwards slowly and cautiously while using their neck to look around them.
a person crawls on their hands and knees, then stands up.
a person crawls on all fours forwards then backwards, then stands up.
the person is crawling forward.
a person is doing a hand dance, similar to a tik tok renegade.
person is talking with their hands.
a person is moving around his hands in the air.
a person is side stepping both ways
a person strafing from left to right and vice versa
a man takes large shuffle steps to his left, then several large shuffle steps to his right.
he makes a karate type low kick with his right foot.
a man kicks his leg.
a person kicks with his left hand.
a person paces back and forth.
the person was walking one direction turned around and walked the other.
a person walks forward then turns and walks back.
a person either throwing or hitting something with his right arm twice.
a person throws object with right hand.
a person motions throwing a ball and then throws the ball.
a person walks slowly forward while swaying his shoulders, then stops
person is walking forward slowly.
a person walks slowly in a vaguely straight line.
a man walks carefully so as not to step on something.
a person walks and steps over gap.
person is walking forward then standing there.
the person is walking forward in an odd way.
figure walks forward 3 steps with arms straight in front of him
a person walks like a zombie.
person person is planting vegetables.
a person moves his hands together.
a person reaches to their right, moves both of their hands together and moves them back to the left. they repeat this process once again slowly and methodically.
a red and blue stick figure is standing and mimics the “walk like and egyptian” dance.
a person stands and raises both arms, shaking both arms twice and  then they alternate; the first time, the right arms moves a bit higher than the left, the second time, it's vice versa with the left arm.
the person lifts both arms and moves them around.
a person walks forward and places their left hand on an object, their body leaning forward and slightly to the left and their right leg lifts off the ground and extends behind them as they reach upward for an object with their right hand, then walks backward a few steps.
a person puts their arms out, moves forward and grabs something
extending arms than reaching for something on a shelf
a person bring both their hand out to their side, then rolls them around and then returns them back to their side
a person is performing a dance
circular dancing like moves are done with both arms.
a person takes two steps back diagonally to sit in a chair, then take three steps forward diagonally standing back in the original position.
said person sit down and then got back up
person moves back in a seated position sits then stand up again returning to original position
a person drops their arms by their side then walks clockwise in a circle while swinging their arms.
a person walks briskly in a clockwise direction with arms swaying at side
person holds arms up then put them down then walks in a circle.
a person makes repeated punching motions in to the air, mostly toward their right side.
person pivots body quickly while making hitting motions with left hand, point of attack changes slightly on the vertical.
person is making repeated punches with left hand
a person steps back on their left leg and brings their right arm in front of them.
person is throwing something.
a person lunges to the right, moving their alternate hand into the beginning of a typical bowling celebration pose.
a person is running diagonally across the floor, before coming to a stop and standing still.
person ran acorss room.
a person runs quickly then comes to an abrupt stop, then sways their arms slightly back and forth.
person reached down to pick something from the floor infront of them
a person bends over and grabs something from the ground with there right hand and stands back up.
person is reaching for something then getting back up.
a person holds on to their right leg in pain.
a person stumbles and holds his right hip with both hands and rubs
the man damages his right knee accidently
a person crouches around and puts their hands to their ear to hear something.
a person is walking from side to side slightly squatting and makes a motion of looking over for something with his had.
a person who seems to be sneaking around and trying to listen to something
the person pounces on something and picks it up, then gets up to walk away.
a man bends over to pick something up then walks away to his left.
the person is showing how to perform a particular pick up and move strategy
a man raises both of this arms in the air.
a man begins with his feet shoulder width apart.  he then raises his left hand in front of his face.  he pumps his right hand in two short little lifts.
a person is making a circle with the left arm
the person walked forward reach for something and then walked backwards.
a person picks up something with their left hand, and places it to their right.
a man walks to front, organizing items, and walking backwards.
a person walks forward and raises his left arm.
a person walks forward and waves with their left hand
a person walks forward while having his arms at his sides.
the man is going on alaskan vacation i think
person cups both hands together and raises them in front of himself, before swiveling left and right, then making a digging motion downwards, then raising both hands in front of himself and swiveling them back and forth.
a person claws in front of them, then holds an object above them on display.
the person walked backwards turn around and then walk backwards the other direction.
a man takes a few steps back, holding his arms bent at his sides, before turning and stepping back again, and then turns one more time.
a man walks backward slowly, then turns around and walks backward in the opposite direction.
a person walks forward diagonally and turns to the right.
a person walking forward ,going slightly to his right .
a person slowly walks forward.
someone moves their waist from right to left
a person has their hands near their chest and sways their upper body horizontally.
a person holds their arms out in front of them and bobs their body from left to right while keeping their feet planted.
a person stands on one leg and grabs the opposite ankle to pull their leg back
a man stretches his leg.
person is doing quad stretch for left leg
a person walks in an s pattern from the right side of the room to the left aide of the room.
the sim walks in a large "s" shape before reaching the other end of the plane & turning to that side facing their back.
the person walks in a backward s formation, then turns to face their starting position.
a person lowers their hands, while knees are shaken side to side. the person then squats, stands ups, and then shakes left foot in the air, then shakes the right foot in the air.
someone moves hips from side to side squats down then back up kicks out right leg and shakes it then kicks out left leg and shakes it squats back down then lifts up arms keeps arms outstretched.
a person moves all of their extremities and stretches.
a person feints a left move, then runs right.
the man moves from one place to another quickly
a person is stationary receives an ball in his hands and aggressively moves forward
a person walks to their left, turns and walks to the right, and then makes a final turn to walk back.
a person walks around aimlessly.
a person paces back and forth with long strides
tip toeing carefully, one foot at a time. looks to be balancing
someone walks forward on a balance beam, putting their hands up to steady themselves.
a person slowly takes 6 steps forward one foot after another while trying to keep their balance.
a person placing something from left to right
a man picks something up with both hands and move it to the right.
a person lifts a box from the left side and puts it on the right side
the person starts jumping jacks
a person does 3 jumping jacks with their wrists loose.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a person quickly walks one step forward.
a man begins with his arms by his sides and his feet close together,  he takes two steps forward and his arms and legs end in the same locations they began.
a person taking one step toward an edge.
a person walks forward carefully, holding on to rails with both hands, before turning left.
a man slowly walking navigates to his destination using hand rails.
a stick figure on a third demensional plan on the top left frame walks down and then to right and turns.
the person raises both their hands in the air twice
a person in standing position with legs slightly apart lifting something over head with both arms.
a person lifting weights above head with both arms.
a person lunges forward and plants their hands on the floor, swinging their legs above them and lands on their feet.
a person doing cartwheel.
a person does a cartwheel.
a person is moving around his right hand.
a person standing and wiping with his right hand.
a person wave their arm in a straight motion
a person casually walks forward.
the person walks forward and stops.
person takes 4 steps in a diagonal line
a person on their stands up by using their left hand to push off of the ground.
a person goes from being on his knees, to standing up.
a person kneeling on the ground places their left hand on the ground for balance, to stand up.
a man lifts heavy object and places it on a surface.
a person is moving something with both arms.
a person picks something up and moves it from their left to their right.
a person side steps to the right and then stands up straight.
a man stumbles stepping out to his left before returning to a standing position.
a person stepping to the right side as if had been pushed.
a man stands with his right foot put  foward and his right arm twitching with a bow shape.
a person waves his right forearm.
a person bends knees to move torso up and down and shakes lower arm on right side.
a person is walking slowly forward.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person walking in a straight line
a person walks forward, then steps over an obstacle, then continues to walk forward.
using their right leg a person steps on an object and goes over it.
walk diagonally from the top right to the the bottom left. stepping over something with the right leg first, taking 2 steps then stepping down.
swimming doing a backstroke.
a person does a backstroke in the water.
the person seems to be on their back doing backstroke swimming motions with their arms and "swimming" with their feet.
a person recovers balance after push to left,
a figure quickly sidesteps to the right
a figure shuffles left starting with hi left foot first then comes to a stop
waving hands up and down and outs right hand down and continues moving left hand up and down
person stands and stretches our their arms before rotating their right arm
a person standing using both hands to move objects, circular rubbing motion with right hand.
a person standing on the place for a long time, and after moved slightly to the right direction
person leans and takes one step to their right with arms by side.
a man is standing for a period of time and then suddenly takes one step to his left.
a man paces back and forth.
a man steps to the left and walks forward then turns around and walks forward again.
the  person is walking towards the right looking down for something.
man kicks and jumps with right leg
a person kicks with there right leg, jumps forward aggressively, stomping the ground. they step back, looking down.
person is jumping and kicking forward.
a person walks a fourth of a circle clockwise, then stops.
a man walks, he turns  to his right and his left leg swings in a wider arch
a man pulls an object from the right side towards the left side.
a person moves to the right, grabs something on the left, then grabs something on the right.
the person moves items on the assembly line
a person uses their right arm to swing a tennis racket.
a person swings their right arm as if they are hitting something.
a person steps forward with their left leg and swings their right arm forward as if they were hitting a forehand shot in a game of tennis.
a man dances rhythmically from side to side and then turns
a person is doing a salsa dance moving their legs and arms.
person is doing a dance
a man throws a punch.
when you are writing something imaginative – such as a story or an account of an interesting personal experience – you can make your writing more effective by including detailed descriptions of people and places. to write effective descriptions, you need a clear picture in your mind of who or what it is that you are setting out to describe. doing this allows you to focus on precise details which make the descriptions come alive in the reader’s mind.good writers incorporate descriptive passages into the overall piece of writing rather than write descriptively for the sake of it. a good rule to follow in writing descriptions is to base what you describe on your own experiences. this doesn’t mean that writers always describe exactly what they have seen or people they have met, but that they use their real life experiences as a basis for their descriptions and then develop them from there
a person punches with his left hand
a person hops on their left foot then their right
a man is alternating hopping on one foot.
the person is jumping on their left leg.
a person clasps its arms together then goes back to standing position with arms hanging.
a person folds their arms over their chest, and then unfolds them.
a person stands still and raises and crosses arms.  he then lowers arms to his sides.
a person swings both arms back, slightly bends knees and then jumps forward.
person swings arms back and squats down then does a big leap forward.
a person jumps down a grey block
person walked forward picked up an item and walked to the back and set the item down
he walks forward then picks up a box
walks forward a few steps, then reaches the hands toward the ground and back up again to turn around and walk.
a man walks in clockwise direction.
a person walks around in a circle.
a man walks counter clockwise in a circle.
figure appears to be walking back and forth
a person has a bouncy walk forward, turns around and walks back.
person walks forward as though walking on a runway, turns and walks back
a person uses both hands to wash his face and hair
the person is drying off his right arm.
the person is counting their money
a person is standing on the ground, the person turns upper body and swings both arms clockwise, then turns body counter-clockwise and swings both arms.
a person holds something in front of them, and makes a wide swing with it.
a person is taking a forward swing with both hands
person is jumping on their toes. their heels never leave the floor.
a man stands with his legs shoulder width apart and bounces up and down without bending his knees; his toes stay on the ground.
person is jumping in place.
a person with their shoulders held high
a person standing completely still.
a person stands with both arms extended slightly in front of them.
this person lifts his arm to scratch his head.
a man seems to be asking for some money.
a person anxiously standing and grabbing at their head with right hand.
this person moves both arms up and all around.
a person is standing on something, paddling on his left side, stops and gains his balance.
person mixes something and then puts hands out to sides
a person walks forward in a near straight line
a person slowly walks forward and stops
a person assertively walks forward.
a person raises their right arm to look at their right wrist.
person raises right arm to look at something on their wrist, then lowers arm
a person checks their watch on the right wrist
the person is holding onto to handrails.
man walking slowly forward with his hands out to his sides as he walks using an object on either side for balance.
a person balances themselves steadily walking over a rope bridge.
a person picks up something, and then rubs what they picked up on something.
a person picks something up on the right side then with their right hand uses a washing motion on the left side
he washes back the thing in front of him
a person waves their left hand back and forth.
the person waves with their left hand
a person waves with their left hand.
a person does chicken wings
the person is making wings with arms.
a person flaps his arms like a bird.
person has left hand cupped and held against the head while waving with the right hand.
a person puts their left hand to their mouth to call and waves with their right hand.
left hand up to face and right hand waving
person is running back and forth
a man running left and right.
a person runs back and forth from left to right
a man bends at the knees and takes a short jump forward.
person crouches slightly and takes a leap forward with both feet.
a person swings their arms backwards and then jumps forward with both feet.
a man looks like he is walking forward and is also walking up something like stairs.
a person walks forward then walks up something.
a person walks forward increasing in escalation for each step.
the person walks in a straight line and places their right hand to support their weight against something.
a person is walking and moving left arm.
a person walks forward while touching something with his right hand.
a man sits down and then stands back up.
a person sitting on the floor in cross leg position and stands.
a person sits criss cross and then stands back up.
a person holds his arms out to the sides at shoulder level and his hands up to head level, and repeatedly raises his hands above his head and back to starting position.
a person is lifting something up and down above their head.
the man raises something above his head several times.
a person raises their left arm holding an object and then lowers their arm
a person appears to be eating something holding it in their right hand
moving hands near face.
a man is playing a violin before stopping.
a person is playing the violin.
he picks up a violin and plays it.
a person walking and changing their path to the left
a person walks to the left with ease.
a person lifting their right leg, and trying to maintain balance with left foot simultaneously.
person lifts right leg to the side and almost losing balance but manages to put leg down again and stand up straight.
individual appears to be in an unbalanced state and falling to the left.
a person holds his arms bent at his sides and steps forward with his right leg two times.
a man with both hands on his hips slightly bends his left knee.
a person does a slight curtsy with their hands on their hips.
a man wiggles his right foot, then his left foot and moves his hands around each other in a circular motion.
the arms going up and down in front of the chest while the right and left legs stepping back and forth at the same time.
person is moving their wrists and ankles. looks like they're beginning to exercise
a person stands up to a prone position.
a person uses their left hand and right leg to kneel and get up off the ground
person is kneeling down on both knees with both arms shoulder length apart and torso straight then puts left hand down and gets up
a person bends their knees and then jumps forward.
a person taking a huge jump forward
the man does a long jump forward.
a person makes a big jump forward, then a big jump to the right, and then hops on one foot.
a person jumps forward, turns to the left jumps forward again, then on the spot jumps up and down with its right leg.
the person is doing jumping jacks
a person moves both of his hand left and right bended as well imitating movements of an animal
a person swift the hands in right and left direction
a person hunches over, holds arms out wide and swings them side to side before scratching self under the arm
a person runs forward and then turns left
a running man turns to the left and keeps running.
he stepped in a big gap
a man walks forward slowly with a medium gate.
a person walks forward and steps over small gap.
a person walks forward and climbs down someithing while balancing with his left hand
a person walks down some stairs while holding the rail with their left hand.
a man walks down several steps.
a man is pushed with force from the right side
the person stands still then stumbles to the left as if they had been pushed.
a person stumbles to their left, dragging the right foot along the ground
a person squats down then jumps forward.
a person squats deeply and then leaps forward, straightening their body.
a person squats deeply, then swings themselves into a forward leap.
a person swinging golf club or swinging and hitting ball with a bat.
someone imitating a golf swing
a man swings an object to the right with both of his hands.
the person takes 3 steps and makes himself a drink with sugar.
a person walks forward and pours something with their right and then stirs it.
a person walks up to a table, pours something and then puts a cover on it
a person who is driving a heavy duty vehicle.
a person who got in a car and  started driving
a man sits down and leans back before putting his arms in the air.
he starts to crawl a lot
a person walks on all fours.
a person gets on all fours and crawls around.
person turns right and goes over a few obstacles on ground
a person walks over bumps in their path.
the person waves with their right hand
a person waves with their right hand.
a person waves hello with their right hand.
a person finishes a somersault, then stands and walks in a counter clockwise circle.
the person jumped down and rolled and then walked around and got back up to do it again.
a person does a forward somersault, walks in a counterclockwise circle, and then steps up and onto something very high with his right foot.
someone dusts a picture hanging on the wall with a cloth in their right hand, steadies the picture with their left hand, then finishes dusting it, and finally dusts all the way around the sides of the frame.
a man is washing a window
a person is washing a window with their left hand.
the hands are met at the middle of the waist shaking and go back down to the side of the body.
person brings both hands together then looks at wrist
a man brings his hands towards his midriff in applause.
a man walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back in the opposite direction
a person walks forward, about faces, then walks back the way they came.
a person walks left in a zigzag pattern appearing to be drunk.
the person is trying to play tennis.
a person scampering from side to side while raising his hands above his head occasionally
person walks forward with arms up and out for balance.
the person slowly walks forward, as if they are trying to keep their balance.
a person walks in a straight line while holding their arms out for balance.
a man with dangling arms and hands walks to the left and then walks to the right, drawing a blue line with his feet.
a person shuffles to the side three times to their right, then shuffles back three times to their left.
a stick figure on the right side of the frame moves to the left and then to the back to the orginal position.
he goes downstairs forward directally
a person walks forward and hops in place.
person walking downstairs and then jumping after the last step
a person stands with their arms up and forward.
a person is resting both hands steadily at chest height.
the figure stands on its legs which are shoulder-width apart, with its arms lifted to its sides.
a man walks straight down with his arm on a bar or surface
the person is walking down the steps holding onto the railing.
a man walks forward as a gray box appears on the ground. as he walks over it a crack emerges from the ground on the box
a person kicks something with their right foot twice.
a man kicks twice with his right leg with the second kick being more forceful.
a person kicks their right leg twice
a man is swinging his arms
a man is standing with feet apart slightly bent over holding a golf club then brings the club back and swings at a golf ball really hard.
a man swings both his arms together to his right, down across his body, and to the left.
a man takes a big swing with his arm.
a person brings their right arm back then swings it rapidly forward in a throwing motion
a person swats at something with their right hand.
a man is walking in a large counter-clockwise circle.
a person walking by making a large circle
a person is walking loosely in a big counter- clockwise circle and swinging their arms.
a man starts by creating a round motion before rocking back and forth with a baby for several motions, he then changes his position to begin the next verse
a person uses a questioning gesture with their shoulders then rock something gently with their hands and end with another questioning shoulder gesture.
the stick figure without a head starts off by rocking something invisible with his hands, shrugs, and then does a hand dance?
a person raised their arms above their head, and squatted.
someone is doing exercises with their arms
a man stands with his feet shoulder width apart, and then he extends his arms out to his side parallel to the ground.  he then raises his hands while leaving his upper arm parallel to the ground.  he lowers his arms to his original position as he bends his body at the knees in a squat.
a person walks forwards and then balances on their left foot as if trying not to fall before continuing to step through with their right foot.
a man steps almost falls stands on one leg the puts other leg down.
a person trying to avoid something on the floor.
talking steps while climbing up with hand next to the sides.
a person climbs a small stair case of five stairs by walking, starting with their right foot.
a character walks up  to an elevated point in five steps
a person picks their right foot up and then puts it down, then stands back in their original position.
a person softly kicking with their right foot. swiping with their left foot.
a baseball player looks to be leveling the mound before a pitch.
the person is bent over like a chicken.
a person leans forward acting like a bird pecking.
is is crouched over, shaking their shoulders.
a person standing up pivots on their left foot, turning in a counter clockwise direction. then they raise their left hand to their mouth and put it back down next to their waist. finally they peer in counter clockwise direction with their neck in an elongated position.
a person did a 90 degree turn anti-clockwise and turned their torso to check something
the person turn to the left to look at some thing
person is making hand gestures
with both hands person tries waving down something.
a person is moving their hands around in front of their chest.
person is walking forwards quite fast, then squats down to pick something up to then turn around and walk fast again. appears to be in a rush and moving an item
a person takes a few steps, squats twice, then turns and and walks back,
a person walks forwards, lifts a light object and walk back.
a person walks slowly balancing on something.
a person walks slowly with arms outside
a person walks with arms out, balancing themselves, wobbling from side to side.
a person sips something, then passes it to someone else.
a man touches his mouth with his left arm and then puts it back down.
a person takes a sip from a cup and sets it down on a table.
a person wipes with their right hand .
a person bows forward, brings his hands center, and with his right hand makes a swiping motion to the right.
a person acts as if they are stamping something down with both hands.
a person walks forward waving their hands about
a person is walking, focusing on something to their right, and gesturing with their hands as if speaking.
a man gestures with his hands while walking.
a person walks counter clockwise circle and stands at where they started
a person slowly walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion.
a person walks down, throws right hand up and walks off to the right.
a person walks forward, waves his right hand then walks to the right.
a person walks forward, raises their right hand in a wave, and then turns to their right.
a person acts as if they are wiping something down with their left hand.
a man stands and moves his left hand in a circular motion.
a person standing and stirring with their left arm.
a person taking something from a shelf.
a man moves his right arm forward and touches something.
a person taking something from a shelf with their right hand
a person leans to the right in athletic position.
a person is doing a lunge stretch to the right with their leg bent.
a man leans to the left.
a person walks forward, turns to the right, and continues to walk.
a person walks and turns to the right.
a man walks forward and then turns to the left.
a man walks fowards in a straight line
a man walks forward with his arms stretched out at his sides.
the person is is walking forward balancing.
the person is squatting like on a motorcycle
a person in a guarded stance.
a man holding his arms in midair moves slightly as he exhales.
he mopes everything around him
mopes around, walking in a half circle.
a person is walking around slouched
person lifts right arm in throwing motion then lifts  both arms together touching hands on left side
a person raises his left arm, throws and object forward, and waits for something to be thrown back for him to catch in his right hand.
a person throws an object with their right hand and catches an object with both hands.
waving arms around while bending down.
a person is acting like a chicken and is pecking the floor with his head while his arms are moving like wings behind him
a person is bend over with their arms behind them, then swings them around, pauses to rise slightly, and then resumes swinging them.
a person carefully walks up four steps.
a man walks up some stairs, right foot first
a person walks up steep stairs.
a person is sitting and rotating an object in front of them with both arms.
a person sits with both legs spread, both their left and right hands are gripping a steering wheel and moving it back and forth.
the motion is similar to a person driving a car.
person is doing kicking motions with left leg
a person has their left hand on a railing and lifts, bend and stretches out their left leg.
a person kicks their left foot around while standing on their right leg.
a person marches forward and to the left.
the person marches forward, directed to the right
in a marching motion, the figure takes 6 steps fowards, slightly moving towards the right.
person is reaching down for something.
a person gets down onto their knees.
the person gets on his knees.
a person approaching an object, squatting down in front of it with the support of their right hand, and standing back up.
a person walks forward to kneal position holding onto side with right hand.
a person walks a few steps foreward then squats while using right hand to hold onto something, then gets up supported with right hand and walks backward.
a person starts on his knees and stands up.
a person kneeling on the ground stands up
he kneels up with right arm
the person is waving hands.
a man moves his left arm to the side, then shivers with both arms. then does a rowing motion, then puts both arms up to the sides
a person raises their left hand to shoulder level, brings arms together and shivers, begins to row to their left side, then stretches both arms out to their sides.
person moves to side and climbs some steps
walked right then went up  ladder, holding on with both arms then reached with right arm to grab something
a person walks towards a ladder then climbs it when he reaches the top he picks up a object with his right hand
a person is shoved forward and recovers.
a person clumsily takes a few steps.
a person is walking and eventually slows their steps.
a person appears to be moving something with his hands.
a person bends at the waist while using both hands to lift something.
a person lifts and moves object from left to right.
the person staggers backwards, off balance, then steps sideways in an unsure zig-zag. then they turn to their right and are surprised by something, staggering back once more.
a person that hops forward and back twice and then starts walking backwards
a person struggles while moving after getting hit
a person holding right arm out, while lifting and lowing left arm in sequence.
he does a wipe arm circle
a person has both arms up and then drops his left.
a person moves an object from his left to his right.
a person picks up something with both hands, moves it to their right and then sets it back down.
a man picks something up with two hands, moves it to the right, then puts it back down.
someone walks forward and places their left hand on a surface, leaning for support.
a person walks to his left and uses a table to support himself with his left hand.
he walks or saunters forward.
a person stands still, walks forward casually, then stands still again.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person lifts up both hands and rotates to the right.
a person lifting and then turning to hold something at a different angle.
this person move their arms above their shoulder towards the left side.
a person walks up a ladder with their right foot.
a man walks up a ladder and looks around with his hand to his forehead
a man is climbing up something in front of him and, once at the top he looks from the left to the right.
a person picks up an object, tilts it on its side, and then returns it to its starting position
a person reaches down to grab something, then placing it off to their right, and then reaching down again.
a person picking up something in a horizontal position, turning it vertically , and then placing it back down horizontally.
a person crouches down to crawl four steps forward and to his right, then turns around and crawls back to where he started before standing up.
a person crouches down and walks on all fours back and forth.
a person gets down and crawls on all fours.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle while swinging left arm
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
the figure makes a half turn to the left, pauses, and makes another half turn to the left to come back to where it started.
the man turns and twists in different directions
a person turns counterclockwise in a full rotation.
a person bends down as if pushed.
a man bends over and reaches his left arm out.
a person appears to be trying to keep their balance.
a person raised the hands and showed some jesture
person standing in the road directing traffic.
a person is directing traffic by first turning counter clockwise and putting up his hands in the stop postion, then turning clockwise and waving on traffic.
the person checks the watch on his hand.
person likely scratched their belly.
a person is standing, raises their right arm to look at their watch, then lowers arm  back to their side.
a person appears to be holding something then pressing a button on the wall with his right hand
a person stands and reaches with their right hand. then stands and reaches out with their right hand again.
person person is doing pizza delivery.
a person quickly answers a call with their right hand.
he pretends to write
the motion is raising right arm.
a man walks slowly up some stairs.
the feet alternates steps to climb upwards.
a person is walking upstairs
a person is wiggling their arms
a person makes a wave-like motion with their arms.
a person wiggles arms either side of body.
a person bends their knees and jumps forward.
a man jumps forward from a standing position.
a person does a standing jump forward.
a man throws something and then puts his hands up before throwing something else.
person throws a football and then catches it, then starts but doesn't finish throwing it again
a man throws then catches an object.
a man walks forward then right.
person is slow walking.
a woman walks moving her hips from left to right while swinging her hair
a person uses their right hand to lift something up to drink.
a person reaches for something on the right with its right hand, then raises it towards its face.
person moves right hand to mouth puts item down then puts back up to face
a person is walking while looking around.
a person slowly walked forward and return by making the circle
a man slowly walks forward, turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
a man waves with his left arm.
a figure waves their left hand in a sideways motion
a person waving with their left hand
left to right bob, arm contraction and pec contraction also a shuffle
a figure gesticulating with both hands while sligjtly swayong left and right
a person flexes chest area by moving arms outwards and inwards.
a figure appears to be breakdancing
person does elaborate breakdance and ends with backflip.
a oerson breakdances and does a backflip.
a person doing cartwheel forward.
a man does two cartwheels toward the front of the screen.
he does some cartwheels dthen stops
picks up box and throws it out like trash
person is picking something up.
a person picks something up at waist height with both hands, then rotates it vertically before replacing it.
starting from standing position and walks forward and to the right.
a person walking and making a quarter of a circle to the right.
a person walks and turns to the right.
person is walking forward slowly 10 steps
a person slowly walking forward
a person is walking forward, hands and arms gently swaying at his sides.
a person steps and almost falls backwards.
a person takes a diagonal step.
person steps back one pace then stops this was a  step to the right rear
a person appears to be moving something with both hands.
a man tilts on the left side and lifts something ,puts it on the rights side and the repeats again.
a person moves an object from his left to his right.
a person is standing with slightly bent knees, then raises right arm to the side and holds for 8 seconds
a man seated lifts both hands in a "t-pose" then lowers them and then stretches out his right arm.
a person raises their right arm out straight.
a person goes from a quick walk to a jog as if to hurry up to get somewhere just a bit faster.
a person runs forward.
a man runs forward before coming to a stop.
a person starts slowly walking forward and then jogs some before coming to a stop.
a person walking forward stumbles briefly.
a person walks forward a few steps, then jogs a few steps with their arms loose at their sides.
a person gingerly walks forward.
a person walks forward veering to the right.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a man runs foward in a straight line.
a person runs from one side of the screen to another
a person is running in a straight line
the man is moving his right leg
man kicking back left leg.
a man kicks his right leg behind him.
a person is standing and uses their right arm to punch upwards.
a person swings his bent right arm upward while slightly moving his hips.
a man gestures with his left hand upward.
standing still for awhile then gently moving arms in a forward moving circle.
someone just caught an object, but otherwise hasn't really moved much
the person stands with shoulders hunched. he then raises both arms as if accepting a package
a man runs to the left, then to the right, and then returns to his original position.
robot started running from left to right and then stopped at right side.
a person runs back and forth.
a person is stationary moving their arms in symmetrical motion as if they are swimming.
stick person looks as if to be treading water in the befgining and then puts arms up as if to flex and then mobes arms back
a person stands and moves their arms in a circular motion in front of their body, the arms then bend up towards the head before repeating the first motion again.
a person stands, waving back and forth with one arm.
a person turns their upper body to the left and right at the waist white waving their right hand.
a person waves with their right hand to a large group of people around them
figure appears to be intoxicated
the man is making gestures
person scratches their face with right hand then left hand
a man turns slightly to his right then lefts his left leg slightly and stamps down with his heel, before returning to his original position.
a person with hands together does a low kick.
a person does a karate kick.
a person walks forward the the right then shift left before turning around.
person takes two steps towards left, pivots right, takes three more steps, pauses and turns right, then takes a step.
a person walks diagonally to the right, and then the left- in a zig zag motion
a person is kneeling on the floor and stands up by placing their right hand on the floor and pushing off.
person started in kneel, used right hand to help get up one leg at a time.
a man gets off the his knees using right arm starting with left leg
a person forming a straight low kick
the man does a karate move kicking his foot out.
a man kicks his left leg out.
a person putting hands together then taking them apart and bringing back almost together.
the person puts both hands together in front of him and then swings them wide open as if dispersing a crowd.
a person spreads their arms, brings their hands back into their chest and spreads their arms again.
walking around in a circle.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise and returns to their original position.
a person walks in a circular motion anti clockwise.
person is making animal like gestures
a figure hunches forward then seems to make rolling or scratching hands
the person is pretending they are a prairie dog.
he walks forward than turns backward
a person is happily walking forward before swinging their left foot in a counter clockwise circle and walking back
while walking, a person does an about face and turns the other direction
a person spinning his upper core body, and after shaking left and right legs, by doing circle movement
the movement of joints in the human body, typically stretching the joints to their fullest ability.
a person moves arms and legs in various ranges of movement.
person is holding own hands.
the figure looks like its claping.
a person has his hands clasped together.
person is standinf still or holding something.
a person is standing with their legs shoulder width apart and arms out in front of them with elbows bent at 90 degrees as if they are playing a piano.
someone is standing in place with no motion, hands out.
person approaches slowly then climbs stairs
a person walking towards some stairs, then starts climbing for a total of 3 steps
a person walking forward and climbing something.
a person is standing with knees bent with his hands out to his side, then places his hands on his knees, then brings his hands back up.
a person standing with bent knees lifts their arms to shoulder level, waits a few seconds, then repeats the motion.
a person creating a frim stance with knees bent in, then lifting arms.
a person jumping to their right hand side.
a man hops to the right
a person is jumping to their right.
a person walks while making a sweeping left turn.
someone walks straight forward then takes a sharp left and continues onward.
a man walks down then turns right to keep on walking.
a man standing seems to be holding something in both hands, tilts it to his right, then brings it down level again.
a man picks something up then touches his right arm.
a person lifts something with both his hands and pouring it out .
a person standing in one position, gently swinging both arms in back-and-forth motion
a man stands still while slightly swinging his arms back and forth.
gently swings his arms back and forth.
a person raising their right arm in front of them, at 90 degrees, then putting the arm back to their side.
a person directing with their right arm ahead.
you are mine right arm pointed forward
person is throwing something.
the person throws something with their right arm
a person raises their right arm and moves it forwards in a throwing motion.
a person walks and touches something with his left hand.
a person walks forward holding onto left rail with left hand.
a man walks foward with a limping motion, he does this whilst supporting himself with his left arm agains a platform.
a person squats then stands up, lifts both arms above head, squats again and place both arms in original position.
a person lifts a heavy object with both arms, above his head the back down, while bending his legs a little.
a person lifting weights with both arms.
a person walks at a slight angle to thier right.
a person walks down a set of stairs.
a person walks in a straight line.
person bows very slightly to front once only arms fully extended
the person is performing a not so low forward leaning bow
a person bends and bows slightly.
a person walks forward slowly looking like they are holding a handdail.
a person walks very slowly forward, crossing their feet in front of them, while guiding themselves along with the right and left hands on something.
the figure steps forward carefully with hands searching carefully that look like they might be meeting posts, the feet are close together as they take small searching steps.
a person walks in a circle with exaggerated hip and arm movements, either drunk or flirty.
a person walks around the room.
a person struts in a clockwise circle, swinging hips from side to side.
the person is  is walking around on all fours.
a person bends over close to the ground and then crawls back and forth.
both hands are place on the ground from standing up and then moving around in a crawl like way.
a person opens and drinks from a container.
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it.
the person takes the lid of a bottle and drinks it
someone walks five steps forward, starting with their left foot, and then stops.
a person walks slowly to the left
a person takes 4-5 steps forward.
a person throws an object with his right hand.
person appears to be a quarterback, accepts the snap and appears under pressure, throws pump fake then throws ball in right direction overexagerates difficulty by throwing leg up after the throw.
a man slowly swings his right arm and leg in circular patterns.
a man balancing on small object,.
a man raises and lowers his arms at his sides.
a person does a "spread eagle" motion with their arms then rests them back on their knees.
this person moves left and right in a circular motion as if to dance.
a person performing salsa dance
a person spins in a clockwise circle as if their dancing before walking away.
he does some recovery stops
a man takes two steps backwards.
figure in the forward moves backwards in the forward.
a person is pushing a shopping cart.
a figure walks clockwise with it's arms extended and knees slightly bent.
a person walks with their arms out
a person crosses both left and right arms in front of their chest.
a figure stands in place, crossing its arms
a person, while standing in still, starts to fold arms, pauses shortly and releases them.
the person is climbing on a stepstool to change a lightbulb.
a person takes a step to the right side and up onto a ladder to change a lightbulb.
a person climbs onto a step stool to replace an overhead lightbulb.
a person steps forward, picks something up and pours it out before stepping back.
the person steps forward with their right foot, leans over and makes a scrubbing motion with their right arm, and then steps back.
a man walks forwards and picks up a cup from a table then pours it into the floor and steps back away from the table.
a person sits down and begins eating really fast.
the person is doing a gesture and then sitting down.
the person looks to bend at the waist and sit down. then looks to root on whatever is going on.
person is walking a little tipsy a bit.
a person starts walking goes slightly toward right and stands in the center.
robot started to move in zig zag motion.
a person running to the right side 4 steps then the left side 5 steps to return to original spot.
a person running sideways ,backwards and forwards.
someone is sprinting side to side
a person is bent over at the waist, motioning forward with their right hand, then stands up.
a person bends at the hips and moves their right arm up and down, then pats something with their right hand.
a person bends over at their waist and raises their right arm up and down in a half circle.
a person who's stepping backwards
a man walks backward one step, using his left foot.
a person takes two steps backwards.
a person going down the staircase
a person jogs forward, jumps up with both feet, then raises both arms to the side.
a person walks downstairs holding left handrail.
person steadily takes four steps forward
a man slowly walks forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks on the spot in a slow motion.
the man walks while moving his arms and legs in a forward, then (in his perspective) leftward turn, going forward until he stops.
the person takes small steps forward and to the side before returning to the center
man looks left to right before walking forward in an "s" motion.
person is walking in a s pattern
a person walks around in a snakey motion
a hunched-over person sneaks into a space, looking left and right. then they stand upright, notice something, and prepare to run to the right.
a person is sneaking around then looks around, and starts running away.
a person takes a few careful steps while crouching down, then stands up and turns a bit.
a man raises his right arm three times while sitting on a chair.
a man seated lifts his right hand multiple times.
person in a deep squat raises right arms in a waving motion places it down and does it again
a person moves side to side while stretching their thigh muscle
a person shift from side to side with arms lifted in a odd circular form.
a person rocking back and forth from left foot to right foot bending their leg at the knee
person starts walking and as he does he starts turning towards his right side until he stops
a person is walking and then stops.
a man walks forwards a few paces while turning in a semi-circle to his right.
a person checks a watch on their right arm.
a person checks their watch on their wrist.
a man looks at his wrist.
a man does a mach demo of the breast stroke leading with his right hand
the person is stand straight up but is using there arms in a swimming motion as if they were preforming a freestyle swimming stroke.
the person is moving their arms like they are swimming.
the person was fighting with someone with his elbow.
a person kicks and then starts shadowboxing.
a person practices their job while boxing
this woman slightly leans left and then uses both hands to throw an object, towards her left side.
a person puts both arms over their head.
a person is lifting his/her arms up and to their left.
a person stretches both arms outward and then kneels down on to the floor.
a standing person kneeled down with left leg first.
a man raises both the hands sideways making 180 degree angle between the hands and then with the help of right hand sits down on both the knees leaving the hand support
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person doing jumping jacks
the man accomplished doing jumping jacks by making slight jumps simultanously to raising his hands to eye level and then retracting to normal position.
a person runs back and forth appearing to hype themselves up for something.
a man lightly jogs to his left, changes direction and jogs to the right then back to the center again.
a man runs to the left and then to the right and then back to the center where he started.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man walks forward slowly in long strides.
a person walks slowly taking large steps.
a person bounces up and down on their toes with their arms bouncing along loosely by their sides.
a person hops up and down in place.
person is jumping in same spot.
a man dances around backwards in a circle with his left hand stretched out.
a person engages in ballroom dancing in a counterclockwise pattern.
the person is balet dancing.
person standing walks forward slowly 5 steps  and gestures a throw
a person walking by and giving high five to someone else.
a person walks forward while raising their right hand and slapping it against something
a person side steps to the right.
a person moves right leg to the right side and slides left leg following the right leg smoothly.
the person is moving to the side.
walks forward, steps over something, then continues walking forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person looks to the left, then to the right, then slowly walks forward.
a person strikes a golf ball.
a person looking to the left uses both hands and their momentum to swing an object.
a man performs a golf swing movement.
this person is standing still with a slight movement of their left shoulder.
a person standing looking around from right to left.
the person is standing there.
a person takes several steps backward.
a man steps back slowly.
a person walks backward up stairs
a person facing forward takes a large step to their left, they turn their body to the right while kneeling down and crawl across the floor to the edge of the mat and face forward.
a person takes a side step to thoer left, then kneels down to the ground and starts crawling.
person is staying on the ground crawling back and forth.
a person walks quickly in a diagonal direction for 8 steps and then turns to walk in the direction they came from.
a character quickly walks forward in a diagonal motion then turns around and walks back to where they started.
a person lifts weight with both arms and bends legs.
person leans back with arms lifting something in the air and repeats
a man does a single squat while holding dumbells in both hands above his head.
walking forward in place motion.
the person is walking in place.
figure moves in place with no movement.
a person walking down a slope.
person is walking ahead slowly.
a man of normal height walks forward with arms swinging at his side
a man walks forward in a half skip limbering himself before doing a strenuous activity.
person walks forward and does two bounces with both legs
someone hopping forward, moving forward
person walks forward with left hand extended to side, trying to feel something.
a person walks forward placing their hand onto a hand rail on there left hand side for stability.
the man walks forward slowly
a person raises their left arm forward to be parallel with the ground.
a man moves his left arm in front of him.
a person raising their left arm away from their body
a person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
person is walking in a circle
the man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a man jumps back and then walks forward.
person jumps in its spot. then walks forward, wiggles its body.
a person jumos once then walks forward
a person steps up, walks forward, then steps down
a person slowly walks forward while stepping over something.
a person walks down a ramp.
a person runs in place then stops.
a person is jogging in place without moving.
a human figure jogs in place
a man lunges forward with left leg and appears to throw an object with his right hand, then steps out with left foot and raises both arms above head to catch or flag something.
a person throws and catches a ball.
a person throwed something forward with right hand, and after catch something
a man picks something up and then puts it back.
a person picks something up, tilts it, then lowers it
the person was waving bye with his right arm.
man waving his hands doing good bye
a man waves with is right hand.
a person hopping in place twice.
man makes two small jumps off the ground
a man jumps two times.
a person walks in a circle
a person is walking confidently in a clockwise circle.
walk in a clockwise circle
a person stretch his left leg backwards
a man moves his right leg out and to the side.
the man picks up his leg and moves it around then back down on the ground.
the person is sweeping the floor.
a person takes several steps in a somewhat random pattern while appearing to sweep the floor.
a person holds something and sweeps the floor with it.
right arm extended out from body at a 90 degree angle and rotated circular both clockwise and counter clockwise
person moves right hand bringing hand to face and then bends arm away from body and hangs it at the elbow.
person slowly bending and unbending his right hand in a various motions while the rest of the body keeps straight and steady.
a person walks diagonally, turns around and then walks back
a man walks forward in a straight line turns around and follow the same path
a letson wslks a couple of paces before climbing up two steps, still going in the same direction they then climb down two steps and walk a further couple of paces before turning 180 degrees to walk back over the steps to where they started.
person is waling down.
a person walks in a slightly curved line
a person walks forward with left foot and hand forward first and then stops
a person is walkin whilst crouched and kicks
a man crouches down as he walks forward and kicks with his right leg.
robot started moving backward from center and then moved forward wit stretchy legs and start kicking.
a man walk with a long, determined gate.
a person walks using large strides.
a man walks forward fast.
both hands go to the head and then back down to the sides of the body.
a person is taking a picture.
a person brings up both hands to eye level.
a person walks quickly down stairs, jumps, holds their arms out straight to their sides, then jumps again.
a person jogs forward four steps, hopping into place, and then lifts their arms followed by a jump.
a person moves quickly forward and jumps while putting arms outward and then hops again.
a person doing strange hand gestures
the person is raising his right hand to his face.
the person is doing sign language
this person slowly walks forward then stops.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is laid on the floor and then gets up
a person laying flat on the floor pushes their upper body up with their arms and then their bottom by bending at the knee then stands up.
a person lying down on his face gets up
a man is standing and brings both hands to his face then steps out with left foot and performs a low kick.
clamped both hands together, stepped feet together on one side then returned to middle and released hands.
a person turns to the right and brings both hands together while kicking slightly to the right with the left foot.
a person makes the universal hand motion for hungry.
the man first begins by standing still. the man than raises his right arm and makes a motion like he is rubbing his stomach in a clockwise position. the man than places his right hand back by his side.
a person rubs his stomach with his right hand.
a figure walks forward
a person walks down some stairs.
a person casually walks down stairs without grabbing a railing then stands still.
a person bends down to pick something up with their right arm, sets it down with their left arm, and then starts to pour something into it.
a man picks up and object with his right hand then puts it down and wipes a surface with his right hand.
a man picks something up with his left and then starts rubbing it.
someone is walking in place without changing their center of gravity
person is walking forward likely on trendmill.
this person is walking forward at an easy but steady pace, starting with the left foot and completing 8 steps, ending with the left foot forward.
a person is stirring in a bowl
the standing person appears to bend over at the waist, picking up an object with their right hand, places it on something shakes it around and reaches down to pick up another object with their right hand.
a person uses right hand to grab something, stirs with it, and sets back.
person stands then takes big strides forward left leg first then finishes facing forward
person is walking down slowly
a person walks straight forward while stepping over something
figure has convulsions while squatting.
someone slowly lowers themselves into a chair.
a person sits down from a standing position.
the man warms his hands and face at a fire.
the person is but in their hands in front of their face and then back out then back in front of their face.
a person puts their arms out in front of them, then uses their hands to cover their face
the person to march forward and turned left.
a person who is modeling down a runway
a man walks forward before turning around and walking back.
a person walks forward and bends down and grabs his left knee in pain. he attempts to straighten up and walk forward and then bends down to grab his knee again. he then walks backward to his left.
he has a pain in musclehead
a person has both of his hands on his left leg.
a stick figure does punching  moves starting with right arm.
a person extends their right hand then their left hand, in a punching motion.
robot slowly throwing punches with his left and right hand.
person stands stationary, right arm twitches
a person is standing still then twitches right arm briefly.
person is standing completely still
a person is sitting down while using its right hand to eat some food
squatting with both arms in the upright fighting position
a person sits on the ground, eating an object.
a man picks up a water nozzle with his right hand and proceeds to wash something off then places nozzle back.
person bends and picks something with right hand. then moves right hand in air
a man picks something up with his right arm, shakes it, then puts it back.
the person stands on the ground moving both their arms in a frontwards circular motion and then proceeded to move both their arms in a backwards circular motion.
a person moves his hands in a circle
a person swings their  hands out in front of them in a circular motion thens reverses the motion
a person lifts object from the left and moves it to the right.
a man picking up something off a platform and placing it to the right.
a person picks up an object and turns right.
a man walks first to the right backwards then forward to the right while both of its arms are straight up ahead.
a person who seems to be dancing in the style of waltz
person is dancing the cha-cha
a person takes a big step to the left and down
a person steps down to left with left foot.
the person is steping back and forth.
the person is boxing with someone.
the person practices their jab and cross hook boxing
a person shadow boxes to his right side, throwing a variety of punches and practicing footwork.
a person is side stepping both ways
a person is side stepping to the left and then does so to the right.
a person walks laterally, first to his left, then to his right, and finally left again.
a person stands and trying to hold balance.
a person trying to strike a pose
a person is pushed and then stands still.
the person is jumping rope
a person grabbed something with both hands and starts jumping
a person does tricks while jump roping and then stops
a person raises both of his hands up, palms forward, then puts them back down.
a person with knees bent raises both arms, lowers them then raises them to their right and left
the person is sitting down putting his arms up grabbing something and putting them back down.
a person reaches forward with the right hand and then lets their arm drop to their side.
facing front, a person makes the throwing motion with their right arm.
he puts his hand forward
a person takes a step backwards.
a person takes a small step backwards.
a person is standing still then steps back
a person picks something up left then puts it down right.
a person moving something from left to right
a person picks up stuff with both hands and moves it to the other side.
a person stretches their arms above their head and stands on their tip toes.
a man raises his arms above his head and the lowers them.
a person rises on their toes, raises their arms overhead for a deep stretch and then lowers their arms and their toes to the original position.
individual appears to be falling in the direction of their left as aeen.
a person is pushed to the left.
the person is pushed to the right and seems to try to keep their balance.
a man walks away and then turns back to defend from a confrontation.
a person angrily paces around while thrusting their arms outward and upwards.
the person walks forward, turns around, and waves their arms one while moving from side to side.
a person dances on the spot.
a person twists their leg while holding their hands near their head
he warms up with his wristankle
a person walking in a very gentle and non-harmful manner
the person walks forward, hesitates, and continues walking forward with their hands clasped.
the toon walks across the plane in a diagonal fashion before, bring both hands into a fist at mid chest level.
person standing and stretching. puts both arms forward then behind their body then to their left side of body. moderate speed of movement.
a person stretches both their arms forward, back, then to the left.
a person moves to the left and stretches their arms by rotating their trunk.
a person makes the cross sign on their chest and raises their hands to their head in a praying motion.
a person sways to their right & left slightly before making the "cross" motion with their right hand, then bring both hands to their sternum in "prayer" formation.
a peraon stands still and looks to his left, then with his right hand he touches his left shoulder, his right shoulder, his forehead, then his stomache, ending qith both hands now in a praying position.
a person jogs in place.
a man runs in place before stopping.
a person is running in place.
doing a photoshoot and steps on a stool and poses then goes up the stairs for another shot.
a person steps on a stool then walks up the stool two steps.
a person walks and puts his leg on something.
a person scratches their left shoulder with right hand
a person raises their right wrist up to look at it, as if checking the time on a wristwatch
person may have scratched a shoulder.
a person standing with arms wide open while spinning his/her hand in a circular motion while waving it. he/she then moves his elbow in a circular motion and then moving his waist in a circular motion and then kicking with his/her left and right foot.
man stands and rotates both arms in multiple directions and then lifts one leg and then the other.
a person spins their arms around, then mid section, and ends with spinning their feet around.
a person jogging in a diagonal line to the right side.
a person quickly jogs while slightly swinging their arms.
a person jogs diagonally forward.
a person does an over head press.
a person is waving both of his raised hands.
a person has legs apart with both arms in an upwoods motion they then move their arms up twice and sway side to side
a person side stepping to their right, then side stepping to their left, and back again.
a person slowly walks sideways from right to left.
a person taking steps to the right and left.
person bends down and picks up heavy object
a man bends over to pick something up with both hands, then turns to his right with it.
moving the hands and doing like exericese
the man squats and moves his arms.
a man is driving a car.
a person turns a steering wheel while driving.
a person is shaking his left foot, stretching his arms and then he bends down doing a squat.
a man stands and rotates his left foot,  squats and stands up spreading his hands and feet wide apart.
a person wiggles their leg in the air, then squats down, returns to stand and then puts both arms straight out to the side and spreads their legs
a person sits down, turns to their right, then stands.
a person sits in a chair, turns to their right, then stands up.
a man sits on something and holds it with both hands and then stands up.
a person is walking upstairs.
a person walks up a few steps then stops
a person walks up steps
a person walks forward at a angle
person walks right top to bottom left in a slow motion and stands still
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is standing with hands by tops of legs, hands are together but not touching.  hands move anticlockwise motion to above the head. then hands move clockwise back down. person then launches into a run in a forward but to the right run.
a person appears to be playing basketball.
the person stances then paces to the left, it seems they are carrying something like playing basketball.
a person grabs their head in pain.
the person holds its chin then grabs its head in the video.
the person has pain in his head
a person moves each arm in a circle, brings their hands together, pulls back with the right arm, and then puts both hands together on their right.
a man uses his right arm and then his left arm and a beckoning motion, and then uses both hands and the same motion. he then waves with his right arm.
a person performing an act describing something with his right hand and left hand by moving
a person does a jumping jack, then twists their body a few times to stretch, then brings an elbow to an opposite knee a few times.
a man energetically brings his arms down to near his sides, rotates his hips a few times, then alternates bringing his left knee to his right elbow and vice versa a few times.
a person is doing exercise, first star jumps, then twisting his body, then touching his knees with his elbows
a person walks forward while swinging their arms merrily
a person walks forward with their hands to their side
a person takes four steps forward on what appears to be an incline.
a person walks up to a table. picks up a cup with their left and right hand then pours them in a jar.
a red right sided stick figure plus left sided blue reaches around as its unsure of what its touching
a person grabs a container from their left and places it in front of them, then grabs two other containers, from either side of them, and pours their contents into the original container.
the man looks at his watch.
the person reseals the package
a man touches his left hand,
a person walks slightly forward then turns left and continues to walk.
a person walks forward and to the left
a person walks forward then slows
a person appears to look, shuffles forward quickly then slows down, rearing back slightly to look at something.
the person is walking down jumping a bit.
a person puts his right hand out and starts moving both hands.
pushing arms in and out.
it is a person practicing boxing.
from a standing position, the person raises both arms above their head, crouches low, slowly swings their body from right to left while tilting their head, and then stand up and takes a step to their right
a person pretends to be a dinosaur
a person crouches slightly with outstretched arms in the form of wings
a person walks in a circle
a person standing on the left hand side walks casually in a counter clockwise circle back to starting position, and then stands.
a person walks in a circle to the left.
person puts right arm shoulder height in front then moves arm to their right
a man lifts his right arm, then waves it across his body.
a person holds their right arm in front of them and moves it towards the right hand side, then drops arm down to their side.
a person walks and stops, then bends foreward while touching left knee with left hand and reaching to touch something with right hand, then cautiously steps backward and stands.
a person walks forward then leans over and grabs something
the person leans on something.
a person goes from being on one knee to two and puts their hands together.
a figure is kneeling then puts their hands to their chest as though to beg
a person is kneeling then puts their left leg in front of them and puts their hands together and then switches the leg in front of them.
a person jumps in the air with both arms at their side. ther person raises their right foot after the jump
a man jumps with both hands at his sides.
a man makes a jump
a person walking up and down a small step.
a person climbs up two steps, spins to the right and climbs down
a person walks up stairs, turns, and walks back down them
figure appears to catch and throw a ball twice then misses the ball and goes to get it.
a man catches something and the throws it back, and repeats the same action again.
person bends forward moving and bending both arms then throws something with right arm then bends down again and throws with right arm then turns and catches something
a person jumping over a puddle
a person takes a small hop forward.
a person jumps forward carefully.
a person walks from the right to the left in a zig zag line.
walking forward then suddenly moving left then back in step
person is walking down from one side then to another zigzag.
a person flaps their arms like chicken wings.
the figure is flapping its arms with its elbows extended and hands located inward.
a person puts their hands at their armpit and raises and lowers their elbows
a person sitting down throws something with their right hand, then gets up and continues to throw something with their right hand.
a person is sitting and swinging his right arm.
a person sits on the ground, throws something with with their right arm, and then stands up and throws something with their right arm.
a person gestures with their hands while making small foot movements, appearing to be dancing.
the man is warming up his ankle and wrists
a person is doing a dance
the person is taking several steps to their right, without crossing legs.
strathing from left to right
he walks sideways forward then stops
a person jumps into wide stance with his arms making a v shape and then jumps back into a normal, relaxed stance.
a person does one jumping jack.
a figure performs one jumping jack, hopping out to spread legs with arms sweeping out and up over head, then hopping back to starting position with arms relaxed by side.
a man walks and steps over something on the ground.
a person walks forwards and stumbles.
person is walking and or running forward.
said person walked over and sit down
a person walks forward, turns and sits down, putting their hands on something before getting up and walking back the way they came.
a person walks forward, turns, then sits, then stands and walks back
someone grabs hands, leans in, then gets up and stops
a person puts their hands together in front of their face, the turns to the left and bows, turns to the right and bows.
someone standing acting like a robot
waving hand side to side.
the person is making a pose.
a man makes a large cross motion with his right hand then repeats motion to form smaller cross
a person waves their arms and body around fully extended.
a man twists his upper torso and then begins to walk backwards.
a person opens their arms and begins swinging them around while stepping back.
man walks forward moving hands and neck.
a man walks 4 paces forward, then wipes his feet on the ground.
a person walks forward and climbs up two steps with both hands by their sides.
a person staggers around a little while gesturing with both hands.
a person is moving like he wants to fight someone
a person seems angry, they aggressivley pounce forward then continue to make angry gestures and swing their arms.
the person appears to pick something up with both hands on their left side then move it to their right side
a person moves something with both hands.
the person picks something up from the left and places it on the right
seated driver puts on seatbelt while holding steering wheel
a squatting person raises their left hand, then does a swooping motion with their right.
he moves his hands around
a person is ice skating
a person skates forward  and then in a circle, and then skates  backwards.
a person who seems to be ice skating/ roller skating in circles
someone jogs in place, makes a quarter turn to the left and back, jogs backwards and then forwards.
someone jogs in place then turns around to look behind them.
a person is running on the spot, then turns right and jabs with both arms, then turns left and continues running on the spot.
a person puts both hands together grasping an object and swings to their left.
a person is using a golf club to swing at a ball lightly.
a person who is playing golf
he starts walking forward slowly
a person walks enthusiastic around
a man walks around the room and raises his arms several times.
a persong takes five steps forward, begining and ending with their right leg.
a person takes 4 steps down, like they are descending stairs
a person walking down an elevated surface
the man stretches his arms.
a person raised his hands, and slowly doing the warm up the elbows, and hands
a person has both arms elevated and moves their hands back and forth between outstretched and their head, they then lower both arms.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a person rotates both of their hands in front of them and then waves their hands up and down in front of them, all in an alternating pattern.
man does a rolling motion with his hand then a up and down motion
person crosses arm over chest then puts it back down.
person raises their left hand up at a perpendicular angle to their head like they're looking at a wristwatch.
the person is wiping something.
a person gets down on their knees.
a person lowers themself to the ground, resting on their hands and knees.
a person kneels down, left knee first, and ends up on hands and knees.
a person makes a standing hop onto his left foot, hops again onto both feet, hops onto right foot, hops onto both feet, makes a short hop with left foot and then settles right foot on floor.
a person hops forward, alternating on one or two feet
person is playing a game called hopscotch
a person nervously looks from side to side while holding their hands near their chest.
person appears to be very cautious holding hands up as if they are scared.
a person who seems to be paranoid or afraid
moves around then crouches down
person is kicking something.
a man is getting ready for a track meet. he kicks one leg at a time backwards then squats down and stands back up.
a person walks to the right.
a man walks forward then turns left continues to walk.
a person walks straight, turns right  and then stops.
takes one side step to the right.
figure steps back and to the right.
for a moment, a person stands stationary with their arms to at their side, and then suddenly steps sideways to the right.
a person walks and turns left to walk back.
a man walks forward then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
a person starts walking forward then turns left and walks back.
a person leans to the left.
the person stands still but is pushed by something where his upper body moves slightly to his left before returning to his original stance.
a person stands straight and bends slightly towards right.
someone looks as if they picked up an object and put it away
a person picks up something, lays it in front with his right hand, picks up something with both hands and lays that in front.
a person crumbles and item and puts it on a surface, they pick up a second item and place it on the surface as well.
a person sidesteps once to the right.
a person takes a step to his right.
a stick person taking a step to the left.
a person picks something up then places it on their head and walks forwards.
a person picks up an item, then walks with item above its head.
bending down and walking in a circle.
happily waved hand above head.
a person is waving left arm in air.
a person waves once above his head.
person is motioning their hands.
a person standing up uses both hands to perform a swimming motion, in which they move both hands away from their body horizontally at chest level.
a person bringing both arms up like a t shape and then putting them back together then dropping them down.
a person jumps forward very quickly
a person standing, loads up and does a big jumps forward, landing gracefully.
a person long jumps forward.
a person walks forwards casually.
a person walking to the right then turning around
a man walks forward with his arms swinging gently at his side.
a man kicks with his right leg and then kicks with his left leg.
a person stands from the ground, takes left foot up, sets back down, does the same on the right side.
kicking back with right foot then the left foot, one at the time
a person walks forward using their left hand to steady themselves on an object.
a person appears to be going down a hill with right arm holding onto a wall or person
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person jumping and kicking in the air.
a person jumps in the air, kicks their legs, and does a complete spin.
a person jumping and then doing a 360 tornado kick
a person wipes in a circular motion with left hand.
a person wipes something in front of them in a counter-clockwise fashion.
standing with the left arm making a stirring motion counterclockwise.
the person is  likely picking a pen from pocket.
a man walks backward raise both arms and moves his hands like he is opening a bottle of drink, he lifts his right hand towards his head like he is drinking.
a person is moving their left hand up then their right hand moves next to the left hand, and then they lift their left hand up similar to how one would drink something.
a person slowly walks forwards and veers slightly to their left.
a person casually walks downward in a straight line then stops and stands.
a person walks forward slowly
someone is squatting with both hands on their knees.
man is standing still and squatting
the person remains still and crouches
a person is walking while moving around his arms.
the person in charge to the left whispered something to someone and a jogged back around.
a person sneaks up and moves something over with their left hand then turns clockwise walking back to their original position.
a person who seems to be lifting a dumbbell with their right hand
a person lifts a dumbbell with their right arm.
a man waves his left arm.
person walks forward and to the left
someone pasting around, walking in circles.
someone is holding something and talking to it
the person is drinking something.
man head in confusion yea
a person sits and moves their left arm
the person is sitting down i think scratching head.
a person is squatting and talking on the phone with their left hand.
a person slaps or strikes something with his right hand
a person repeatedly throws something with their right hand.
the person is playing tennis.
a person who seems to slap something
a person slaps something with their right arm, raises their left arm onto something, and slaps something with their right arm again.
a person lifts their right arm and slaps something, then repeats the motion again.
a person runs quickly on a diagonal from the left side to the right side
a man sprints forwards a few paces then pulls up slightly.
a person walks forward calmly.
a person walk in a diangial line.
a man is walking forward
a person bows then walks forward.
this person was bending forward while walking down a slope.
a person walks forward with back bent forward.
a person walks forward and moves something with his right hand.
a person steps forward then reaches down for something with his right hand.
a person walks forward with one step and uses right hand to move an object from one spot to another in front of him and steps back to his starting position.
a stick figure is standing up dancing.
person is slightly moving their hips, and alternating between having their right and left arms in the air. arm that is in the air is moving around a lot, and the person appears to be dancing
a person raises each arm up one at a time, stretching their shoulders.
the person is painting a wall.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides applies five brush strokes with his right hand.
a man raises his right  hand and moves it  up and down like trying to paint.
a man walks forwards quickly with his arms swaying gently.
the person is walking forward.
a man walks briskly forward.
a person holds their arms out to their side and lifts their right leg off the floor to balance on their left leg
person balances on left leg then with arms up high has arms fully extended keeping balance on left leg
a person balances on their left foot with their right leg stretched to the right, then brings their right leg close to their left foot.
the man walks across a balance beam.
person walks forward with arms out to sides
a person walks forward and puts arms out at sides like trying to balance
a person walks straightforward from edge to edge of the rectangle and then stops.
a man slowly walks forward.
the man takes small steps then big ones.
a person briskly walks foward swinging their left arm back and forth.
someone is walking forward down the screen in place
a person doing a casual walk
a person raises his hands to his face to provide comfort from toothache pain.
a person holding their face as if he/she was in pain
the person is upset and crying.
a person squats down, stretches out right leg, pulls it back in and then stands up.
from a standing position, the person crouches down as if to sit, steadying themselves with their right hand on the ground, before getting back up again
person stoops down and tries to go onto right buttock but gets back up before they could sit
the man drops his arms and walks to the chair for a seat then stands up.
this person slowly walks forward and looks forward.
a person walks forward on a diagonal slant to the right. they sit down and slightly adjust their position with their hands resting at their sides on the seat.
the man begins facing the right side with both arms raised to his chest. the man then steps back and makes a cross motion with his arms almost like he is in a fighting game. he then goes back to his original form.
man gets ready for a fight liu kang style
a person standing in fight stance performs a low block.
a person runs on the spot in a circle.
person jogs in a circle
a person jigs around in a circle.
a person walks forward and then walks in a curve to their left.
someone walking across the room.
a person walks in a curved line to the left.
a man steps back and then kicks.
a person puts their hands together and turns left then does a high kick with their right leg.
someone exercing, trying to keep fit
man walks calmly in a forward direction.
a man is walking at a fast pace with both arms down to his sides.
a man quickly walks forward.
a person stumbles back with their right foot, and throws their hands up to catch their balance.
a person gets knocked backwards and and stumbles to find balance
he is shoved and/or loses his balance.
a person walks forward slowly and comes to a stop.
a person walks straight forward.
a man walks slowly forwards a few paces, then halts.
a person walks backwards, then turns around then walks backwards again.
a person walks backwards 6 1/2 steps, turns around and returns walking backwards 7 steps.
a person is waling backwards.
a person raises their hand to their face and then folds their hands together.
the hands go up towards the chest and then moves the arms downwards sightly to the right to the waist.
man brings locked fingers to chin, then moves hands to the side
a person sways to the side and stumbles forward.
a person is walking and seem to be drunk
a person walks forward while stumbling, as if drunk.
the owrson is stretching with their hands up to the right.
a person on knees waving arms.
after a moment of pondering, the kneeling figure leans to one side with both hands flowing over like being blown in the wind.
moving arm down from head then walking backwards.
a person raised the right hand and wnet backwards
a person raises a glass with his/her left hand, takes a drink, then steps backward.
the figure raises its left hand near its head, it then drops it down in a resting motion once again.
a person raises their right hand to their head and then lowers again.
a man scratches his head with his right hand.
a person walks up four stairs, turns around, and then walks back down the four stairs.
person i think is walking or climbing something.
the character walks up invisible stairs and then walks back down
a person lifts their right hand and places it palm down at shoulder height. then raises both hands and returns them to original position.
a man raises his right arm, then raises his left arm along with and then swings both limbs down to his side.
he puts both arms up and down
stick person is danceing from forward to the right and then tonthe left with both arms up
a person is demonstrating the dance steps for a waltz.
a person dances cha cha cha.
a man walks gently forwards a few steps.
a person takes 3-4 steps forward.
a person walks a straight line, swaying slightly
a person walks towards the left side then turns around then walks towards the left side.
person walks forward then veers to their left, then walks back in same pattern
a man is walking around the room back and forth.
crawling around then standing up.
person is crawling on hands and knees, they turn around 180 degrees and then stand up
a person crawls out from under a table and stands on it.
the person steps forward and bends down and moves their right hand around as if to wipe something.
a man rubs something in front of him with his left hand.
a person walking slowly towards an object from side to side and then reaching over to wipe an object with his/her right hand in a counter clockwise motion.
a person jumps and raises their hands midway and then begins to jump again.
the man steps and holds his side then leaps into the air twice.
the man is doing a jump matrix
a man walks toward the front of the room
a person casually walks in a straight line.
person is walking forward.
a person steps back at an angle with the right side back the farthest, both hands slightly raised, then slightly bent over, shuffles several times at an angle with the right foot moving first, transversing the space, coming to a stop, facing the same way they started.
someone is walking somewhere and playing with their dog
person may be moving something.
a person completes a wave
a man waves his right hand.
a person waves their right hand.
a person walking in a circle pattern
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks around in a clockwise circle.
a man holds his left arm in the air and moves his right arm up and down before putting them both down.
a person is playing the guitar.
someone is playing a guitar
a person waves with both hands.
a person is waving with both of their arms.
a man raises both arms and waves them in an arcing motion before lowering them.
a man walks in a circular motion.
a man  raises his arms and then walks in the spiral motion
a person walking in a steady pace, counter clockwise
a person throws something underhanded with their right hand
a person throwing a right uppercut punch.
a person is standing and moves with arms and left leg forward, taking right arm swinging it back and throwing motion to left.
walking forward in a straight line.
this person walks very slowly forward then stops.
a person walks down a ramp
a person walks over holding object then places it down, stands and looks for a moment and grabs another object
a person walks to the right whilst raising right arm.
person walks forward with raised right hand and then walks backward with right hand raised.
a person raises and lowers their hands, as if expecting to catch something.
a person raised the hand and did the dodge move
a person steps to the left twice then to the right twice, swaying unsteadily from the hips.
a man flips both arms up and down.
a person waves his hands inward and outward in front of his body.
a man moves his hands forward and back at his sides.
person is walking back and forth.
a person jogging side to side.
a person run to the right and then run to the left and return to stand in the middle.
a person waving with their arms raises,
a person flexes both arms a few times, lowers them and puts them straight out.
the person waves their arms, then lets them fall, then t-poses.
a person rotates 180 degrees to their left while taking a step backwards. the person then reaches down with their right hand, before bringing the hand up to their face, twisting slightly at the waist, before setting the object back down with the right hand, and turning to the left to face the original direction.
a person walks to the left, picks up a phone, talks on it, hangs up, and then walks back to the left.
a person walks over to an imaginary phone and picks it up to their ear before looking around, replacing it and walking away.
a person takes four strides forward and then stops.
a man walks forward veering to the left.
a person walks in a diagonal line from right to left
the man puts his hand to his mouth and moves his arams
a person stands with their arma apart, then reaches their left hand to their mouth.
a person raises their left hand to their mouth
a person steps forward and reaches out with their right hand to pick up an object that is at their waist level. they raise it to their mouth and take a sip, then put the object down.
a man picks something up, drinks it and then puts it back.
the person picks up a cup, drinks, and places it back down.
a man quickly walks forward.
a person jogs and stops.
a person walking in a fast pace as if he/she  is in a hurry
a person puts right arm to head
a person puts their right hand behind their head and bows from the torso and up
a man bows with his right hand on his head.
a person walks to the edge of the square before turning around and performs two consecutive and poor cartwheels before stopping at the other end of the square
takes a few steps forward then does a cartwheel backwards and does another one.
the man balances on his hands, then drops to the side to stand on his feet.
a person walks forward then turns to their left and raises their left arm speaking to somebody
a person lowers their hands to their sides, walks forward, and then looks at items on their left.
a person has his arms extended, brings them down and walks forward
a person throws an uppercut from the left arm.
a person doing a left uppercut
a person performing a left handed uppercut
he walks forward and picks up tool box
someone walking across the room, picking something up, then waling back.
a man walks forward, bends down to pick something up with his left hand, turns around, walks back and bends down to put down whatever he was holding.
the man is pretending to be in a playground swinging and climbing
a person climbs a ladder, grabs something above his head and pulls his knees up to grab onto it with his legs and pulls his body into a sitting position
walks in a bend to the right, climbs upwards, and then uses both arms to pull up.
a person walks side to side while raising and lowering both arms then puts hands on knees.
a person laughs hysterically and throws their hands up as they move about. they cover their mouth with their hand.
waving arms and pacing back and forth.
a man stands with both arms outstretched.
a man stands on the ground with his both hands spread wide apart.
the person standing still with his arms out to the side
a person stumbles in a clockwise circular motion
a person walks in a clockwise circle while facing forward and then turns to their right as they complete the circle.
a person facing forward, stumbles clockwise in a circle. they pivot left, continuing to move clockwise, before they stumble backward to the place they started..
a person runs in a line.
a person aggressively sprints diagonally slightly forward and to the left from where they started.
the person is running in a diagonal motion.
a man walks in a forward arc to his right, then returns to his original start.
someone walks in an arc, forward and to the right.
a person walks fowrad to their right in a curve, stops, then curves back to where they started.
a person does overhand swimming motions to stretch.
a person participates in arm stretches.
a man stretches his arms one at a time, then repeats.
a person moves both their arms to the side, and then raises their left arm
a person unscrews a bottle and drinks from their left hand.
a person standing in place drinks from a bottle with left hand.
a person walks while curving towards the right.
someone is walking diagonally across the screen
a person dances, swaying their hips and arms alternately from side to side.
slightly raise both arms while adjusting hips to be angled between the gaps of the arms, pull arms back and hips forward, adjust to the opposite arm bein in front and hips accordingly, repeat the process of pulling arms back and hips forward.
a person wags their arms repeatedly from left to right.
a man appears to be rubbing something off
a person shakes his right hand.
a person extends their right hand and shakes it up and down multiple times.
a person walks forward slowly
a person jumps, then walks forward.
a person has their arms raised, and then lowers them to jump once and take 6 steps forward.
a person walks forward, then reaches with their right hand as if to take something at shoulder height, then walks back the way they came, turns again, and walks forward once more.
a person, holding something in their right hand, walks quickly over and puts an object on a shelf (head-height), then walks back and begins repeating the process.
person walks forward picks up something from a shelf with their right hand and walks back.
person stood still lifts left arm two times lifting a dumbell
a man lifts something with his left hand.
a person does dumbell curls with one arm.
a person pushes forward with one hand.
a person standing with both arms out moves something.
someone lowers both hands from above his head, then taps in front of him with his right hand.
a person walks and is pushed forwards.
a person walking downward stumbles toward the left hand side along the way.
a red and blue stick figure walks and stumbles to his right.
a man holds both hands together near his groin and then simultaneously lifts them up in a swaying motion.
the person swings a golf club.
a man swings his arms to the right and then through to his left.
the stick figure its stretching.
a man turns to the left and reaches up to grab something with his left hands.
a person throws a punch with their left hand.
a person does jumping jacks
a person makes three star jumps but the second jump is sloppy and incomplete.
a person does jumping jacks.
someone moves to the left and then to the right and back to starting position with arms straight by sides.
a man side steps to the left, then to right, then back to the left before stopping.
a person skips side by side horizontally.
the person takes a step and waves his right hand back and forth
the person walks forward, waved their hand then stepped backward
a person steps forward and makes a side-to-side and an upward swatting motion with their right hand.
a man is jumping, his arms are at his side, his legs are straight, his arms move up straight and outwards with his hands over his head in a v shape, as he jumps his legs move apart away from eachother in an inverted v shape
a person does jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person walks to their left
a personal casually walks forward, curves their path to their left and comes to a stop standing.
a person walks in an arc
a person runs forward at a moderate pace, turns around, and runs back at a faster pace.
a person jogs very slowly up and over an object, then turns around and starts to jog quickly back.
a person runs forward deliberately.  they climb some stairs, then come down the other side.  they turn to their left and hurry on the side of the stairs.
a person picks something up, moves over to pick up another object, and then uses one to swipe at a surface.
a person picks something up with their right, walks to the side, picks something up with their left and then makes a petting motion.
the man takes soap, then walks about 2 feet over and starts washing an object.
person is reaching down.
a person starts with arms outstretched then places them on thighs for a few seconds then stretches back out.
a person moves from standing with arms outstretched to side and legs shoulder length apart, puts hands on hips and returns to original position.
a person performing a straight kick.
the person takes one step forward raises his hands in a guard position kicks forward with his leg.
kicking and fighting in place
a person walks forward at a fast pace with hands moving at the wrist
man trudging forward swinging arms back and forth while flicking wrists.
the person is walking on a treadmill.
a person slowly jogs to the left to right and the jogs back into place
robot start walking to his left and then start running from right to left and stopped at center.
a person runs to their left, then right, then left again, and finally walk back to their starting position.
a person, slowly walked forward, and after made circle with right hand
a person walks forward and slaps his right hand on it, while tapping his left food
this person walks forward then stops and waves his right hand in circles.
a person is moving and walking while dangling his arms in front of him and then backward too.
a person is leaning over and swaying arms while walking forwards then backwards.
the person is acting like a human monkey
a person claps his hands together then turns and squats down as if to be sitting in a chair.
a man claps his hands, walks forward and then sits down in a chair facing the left side.
a man walks in a clockwise circle and then returns to his original standing position.
a man is walking forward, spins around clockwise on his right foot, walks back to where he came from, spins clockwise on his right foot again and walks forwards
a person slowly walks in circles
a man takes a few steps forward while swinging his arms, then stops.
a person walks down a slope while swinging his arms back and forth.
an idle figure purposely takes two aggressive steps forward
as a person walks forward, their right hand is touching something to give them support.
a person walking while leaning to something with his right hand.
a person walks forward while leaning on something for support
the person is acting out the nursery rhyme cock robin.
a person stands and raises arms up in shrugging motion, raises right arm to wave,  holds head with both hands, and sways back and forth. bends arms and holds hands to do a swimming motion.
the man is doing a nursery rhyme
from a standing position a man spreads his legs widely.
a man starts to do the splits.
doing a split once.
a person starts walking in z shape ,goes to extreme left and walks slightly right and stands in the center.
a person walks forward then quickly stumbles to the right and then back left.
someone is walking then running left as if something happened.
a person walks around in a long circle.
a person is walking in an oval around the room, and once a full oval is made turns inward to the center of the room.
person is slowly pacing around.
shuffle step right then side stepping back left
the person is stumbling sideways to the right.
the man cross steps across then sidesteps back.
the person is moving arms.
person stands tall folds arms in a  defensive position
a person crosses his arms.
man makes a motion as if to make a long put.
someone bending and foding arm
a person is golf putting.
a person walks with a drunken stagger.
person steps six  steps to front
a man walks straight forward with his arms to his sides, and stops at the edge of walkway.
a person jogs back and forth diagonally before stepping to return to their original position.
person is  walking to left then right jogging.
a person walks forward then turns while using their arms to press against the wall
the man walked down the steps turned left and stopped.
this person slowly walks forward then turns left.
a person walks in a zigzag pattern.
a person walks slowly in a s shape.
walking in a random pattern.
character stands for a few seconds, takes four step foward and then hops once.
the person sluggishly walks forward then stops and jumps in place
walking forward with both arms drooping and then hopping at the end
someone running forward, moving forward
the man runs quickly fron the top to the bottom.
a man quickly runs forward.
a person confidently walks down an aisle while stretching/loosening up their arm.
a man walks forward in a straight line at first then sidles to the right side.
a person walks forward placing their right hand against something as they do.
a person runs straight forward.
a man is running straight ahead.
a man holding his partner dances in a counter clockwise direction while facing forward.
the person is dancing the waltz.
stick figure walks forward walks forward then steps to the side then steps backwards then to the side again
the person is doing basketball signals.
a person does basketball gesture for timeout.
a man lifts his arms above his head, brings them to his hips and then grabs his left forearm with his right hand.
a man steps back and shields his face with both of his hands.
a person stepping back and putting both arms up in front of face
a person stepping back and raising arms to face in self defence.
a person walks forward while hunched over.
a person walking very slowly walks towards the right then towards the left.
a figure slowly shuffles forward in a crooked line, head down and arms stiff.
a man is picking an object up from the left side and then places it to his right side.
a man begins with his arms by his side.  he then picks up something with both hands on the right side of his body and then moves it to the left side of his body.
a person moving things around
user is pointing with left hand in multiple directions
moving arm towards face repeatedly.
a person is standing with a gap between their feet, extending their left hand four times at chin level, inward then back out, lowing their left hand to do the same motion at lower chest level twice, swaying their body slightly.
a person walking down stairs.
the person walks a couple of steps  starting with his right foot
the man first begins at the top of the grey square. the man than begins to walk with his right foot leading and walks five steps ending with his right foot. he ends at the bottom of the grey square.
a person is pushed to the left but quickly recovers
the person almost trips backward in the right direction.
a person is shoved to the left and stumbles, crossing their right leg in front of their left and then gaining balance again.
a person reaches into both directions before going into a superman pose.
a man is raising one arm at a time before he places his hands on his hips
raising arm up and then the other arm.
a man slowly walks backwards, lifting his feet as if they are stuck in something, before finally stopping.
a person walks backwards down stairs.
he walks backward directly than stops
moving hands back and forth while standing.
a person is hunched over and lifts something up with their left hand.
an old man looks at their watch.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
person squat thrusts three times
a person vaults over an obstacle.
a person runs and jumps over an object, turns around and jumps over it again.
a person is getting a running start and jumping over something, turning around and doing it again.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a man walks around the room in a complete circle
the person walks in a circle clockwise
a person stumbles around like they are drunk.
a man stumbles sideways to the left.
a person is walking forward and then swiftly turns right and starts walking sideways.
the figure appears to be jumping in a vertical manner reaching for something
a man lowers his left arm, crouches, then jumps with his left arm up over his head, and repeats this action twice.
a man squats and jumps with his right arm raised.
a person runs in place for 4 seconds.
a person runs forward without bending their knees.
a man is running in place.
they do a forward roll
a person leaping into and dive and roll similar to a summersault.
the person sits down and stands back up.
someone is sitting down cross legged
a person sits down on the ground crossing legs, rests both hands on knees, and then stands back up.
a person turns to his left and kicks something with his right foot.
a person turns to the left and steps forward, then kicks with their right foot.
the right leg kicks out across the body.
a man walks forward slowly, then turns around.
a person walks forward the turns around.
person catwalks forward on extending runway and then turns around.
a person is balancing on top of something on their right foot, both arms extended for balance, then they switch to their left foot.
person balancing on one foot.
a person attempts to balance on somethings.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
person is walking down then around.
a person takes one step, pivots around counter-clockwise with the left foot on the second step, keeping the right foot up, then takes three more steps.
a person reaches their head with their right hand and scratches their scalp.
a man scratches the top of his head with his right hand.
someone head itches and scratches
a person bowing down like in a theater play
the man does a formal bow.
a man bows his head and body.
person waving hand up
a person standing up lifts their right hand and places it on their head.
a man raises his right hand to his head and then returns it to his side
a person walks forward and is pushed back by something and then continues on their path.
he walks forward and nearly falls
walking forward, then stumbles backwards a step, and then continues to walk forward.
person steps forward large step then does a full turn clockwise
a person walking forward and backwards.
person walks forward then turns around and walks back
a person walks to the horizontally to the right, then briskly to the left.
a person walks sideways, then walks diagonally.
a figure slides to his right crossing over his left leg each step. then takes a step forward turns and goes back to his original position
a person throws out their right hand while sitting, then again while standing.
the person is swatting at bugs.
person sits down throws something two times  gets up throws something with right hand twice
the man is lifting both arms
a person squats with both arms to his side.
a person places both hands on both knees then raises his arms back up forming a t
the person walks forward with left foot first then stops.
starting with his left foot, a person ambles forward.
a person walks a couple steps forward at a steady pace and then stands still once their done walking.
a man walks forward, skewing slightly to the right side of the screen.
a person walks confidently and gives a high-five to someone on their right side.
person is walking fast, yet somewhat uncontrollably. legs are not going straight
a person appears to be clapping.
a person claps their hands.
the person is clapping his hands.
a man rocks back and forth while standing still.
someone sways  from side to side with feet apart.
person in a bent down  position with shoulders raised moves slowly side to side
a person walks straifht forward with head bent forward.
a person walking forward in a straight line, as if trying to model.
person having hard time walking straight line
person lifts left arm up from side position to vertically up and slightly over their head stretching their arm.
a person stretching their side body, a result of bending and lifting arm up above shoudlers.
a person leans to their right and raises the left arm above the shoulders excitedly like to hail a cab
the person is standing with his arms out at his side.
a person standing with their arms stretched out to the side.
a person hold their arms out side to side like wings
a person is doing a dance.
moving forward and backward and dancing.
a person is doing a traditional salsa dance.
a person sidesteps to the left.
a person standing moves their red leg leg forward and then follows that with their blue leg in a diagonal direction.
a person takes one step to the right.
a person walks forward and turns and walks backwards.
a person walks forward turns to the right and walks back.
person walks forwards two steps, then turns around and walks back to the starting point
the person walks around aimlessly
a man walks around while looking for something.
a person walks clockwise half a circle.
a person scratches head with right hand.
the person is is rubbing something.
subject is scraching its head while looking around standimg
the person is running around.
a figure faces forward and begins to run backwards, before twisting their body and continue to run, now facing forward
a man runs backwards ,quickly  turns on his left side and then runs faster.
a man reaches over and picks up some wet soap, and washes his hands with it.
person makes a motion as if picking up soap, then straightens and rubs hands together as if washing hands
a person is washing their hands.
the person is creepily walking forward.
a standing person slowly walks forward using their left foot first then their right following and then they turn to their body turns to their left
a man very carefully walks forward steping equidistant apart.
a person waves with their left hand
a person standing in one place uses their left hand to wave.
a person waves with their left arm while standing, with their left arm and hand extended above their head.
a person is walking around slowly.
a person walks around sneakily.
a person tiptoes forward then turns around and tiptoes back while looking from side to side.
a person lifts a weight with left hand.
a person lifts an object up and down towards their face with their left arm.
person raises left hand bending at the elbow only.
the person is moving an item
the person reached over and pick something up and wrote on the chalkboard.
a person takes something off of a table and places it on a shelf.
a person squats down, bending at the knees and extending their arms.
a person squats with both arms in front, palms down.
the person is doing squats.
the person is wiggling his whole body.
a person wiggles their hips back and forth, shaking their butt.
a person standing and shaking their whole body.
the person is performing a right leading front kick
a man stands with feet apart left arm stretched and right arm bent, then lunges forward and kicks his right foot into the air.
a person in a kickboxing stance does a leg kick.
a person bends over, stands up and then walks around slowly.
a person stands from sitting and walks around, they press their hands towards their back as if it hurts.
a person gets up from leaning over. they turn around and walk. they walk to the left with their legs crossing over and holding their back in pain or stretching
a person raises their arms and lowers them.
a person stands still, lifts their left and right arm up and down at the same time serveral times
a person lowers their arms from shoulder height, raises them back to shoulder height and lowers them again.
a person is doing jump and jacks.
a man does jumping jacks.
a person slightly jumps in the air while simultaneously raising their hands together overhead. jumpingjacks
a person raising his hands and make a small circle with both hands
a man brings his arms to his side from a t position then continues to rotate the left forearm in a clockwise motion and the right forearm in a counter clockwise motion.
person stretches arms straight and then moves them in circle.
he sits down on the floor, crossing his legs, then touches his knees and stands back up.
someone sits and later stands
a man lowers his outstreched arms, sits down, then gets back up.
a person attempts to get a rock out of their shoe.
the person is kneeling, stands up and bends over and stands back up again, only to grab their right foot.
a figure kneels and performs the gesture of tying a shoe
person moves left arm in a anti-clockwise circle about waist height
a man makes a circular motion as if wiping something with his left hand.
the person uses left hand to swing hand across a surface in front of him, as if spreading inventory.
a person walks in a semicircle to the left.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
the figure, facing forward, takes two steps in that direction; it then turns right and takes an additional two steps.
a person running, hops/ jumps over obstacle. continues running.
the person is jumping and walking around.
a person is running and then he does a skip.
a man is standing up straight and scratches the top of his head with his right hand
a person raises their right hand to their head and scratches something before placing it back down beside them.
a person bends right elbow, bringing their hand above shoulder.
a person goes from standing to on their hands and knees and moves forward.
a man gets on his hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person drops down to their hands and knees and proceeds to crawl forward.
the person leans over the sink while washing the dishes
person walks forward, moves their body to the right, and then uses their right arm to clean their left arm.
person walks toward something and rubs it with right hand.
a person picks up something, rotates it with their right hand on the bottom, and puts item back in original spot.
a man picks something up and then puts it back.
figure appears to pick something up with both hands, sets it upright to their right side, then lays it back to their original position.
person is jumping and spinnin garound.
a person performing a spin mid-jump in a almost complete circle.
a person jumps in the air and performs a turn.
a person does trunk twists
the person twists his body back and forth.
a person is standing and leaning to the right, turns and twists at waist.
a person throwing a left punch and subsequently a right kick.
a person angrily punches forward with their left hand, then kicks forward with their right leg
a man uses his left arm to swing a punch and then his right leg to kick.
a person is wiping something in circular motion.
person does circular motion with right hand stomach height
a person moves their right arm in a circular motion.
the person grabs something with their right hand and uses left hand to hold something while using right hand to mix something that is in the left hand.
a person kneads dough with their right hand.
a man makes pouring or shaking motions with the right hand, as if adding ingredients, then makes stirring motions, as if mixing batter in a bowl, then sets the bowl down.
the man jogs forward 4 steps.
he takes a few jog steps.
a person runs in a forward direction beginning with their right leg and swaying both left and right arms side to side.
a man takes a step forward, takes his left arm and moves it right to left then takes a step back.
a person slides an object from their right to left.
a person steps forward, reaches forward with their left arm and moves hand from right to left, then steps backwards.
a person walks forward at fast pace.
figure walks forward in a straight line.
the person is stepping forward.
a man is sitting in a chair with both his hands around an object that could be a steering wheel.
a person moving their arms around similar to steering a large ship wheel.
a person stays in a squatting position whilst waving both of its arms up in the air
a person walks down a steep staircase.
a  man walks forward in a straight line.
he walks down several stairs.
a person steps forward, then side to side then forward then side to side and forward once again.
a person walks forward avoiding gaps.
a person takes some steps forward.
a man bends over and puts his hands on the ground and is on all fours
a person gets on the ground and does a downward dog pose
a man crouches down on his hands and feet, then begins to stand back up.
a person is waving their left hand in side to side manner in front of their chest at a normal speed.
a person waves with left hand.
a man first stands still. the man than waves his left hand right to left a single time. the man than places his left hand back to his side.
a person kicks their left leg back. they balance on one leg and swings the left leg towards the front of their body with the knee bent. they are balancing an item on their foot.
a person start to kick with right leg
a person is swinging his right leg around
the person walks to their left
with purpose, she strides around something and up to the counter.
a person walks forwards and to the left.
a man takes sideways steps to his right, then immediately takes sideways steps to his left back towards his original position.
a persons steps sideways to their right three times, then sideways to their left four times and finishes with a half sideways step to the right.
a person sidesteps to the right three times, sidesteps to the left 4 times, and then sidesteps to the right once.
a man who is throwing something with his right hand
a person is throwing something with his right hand.
person turns slightly to left side with right hand clasped above head pushing something forward in the air  with left hand held chest height
a man moves his left arm around.
a person is standing still and lifts their left left arm swatting the air and puts their arm down to the original position.
a person moves something up and out with his left arm.
stick figure stand perfectly still
a person is standing very still.
the person is just crouched in a hunch position.
a person shakes shoulders fast.
person bends forwards and shakes both arms that are hanging on his sides
a person shaking up his back warming up
he had a accident damage right leg
the person has their hands on their right knee and moves around a little bit.
the person hurt his right leg
a person walks down stairs
the man walked forward diagonally.
someone is walking forward and then stopping
a person points his right arm straight out in front on him, then returns it to his side.
a person uses their right hand and points at an object in front of them.
a person sticking right arm directly in front.
a person is moving hands and hips rapidly.
a person shakes their hips and waves hands rapidly by either side of the jaw.
a woman stands should width apart, bends down slightly, shakes their hips quickly from side to side, and holds their bent arms up to chest level.
he starts digging a hole
a person is digging a hole with a shovel.
a person is digging into the ground and tossing the dirt over their shoulder.
a person walks forward slowly
the person walks forwards slowly using their legs with their arms to their side in a calm manner
a person walks forward and stops.
character lifts both hands up to face twice.
a person raises both hands in front of them then throws them down in disapproval.
a man raised his hands like grabbing a ball.
the person is walking down the steps.
a person walks down the stairs
a person grabs something to his left and then steps forward several syeps into a grey box.
the man steps forward then veers to the right slightly then back to the left.
person walks forward, stumbles to the right, then continues walking forward
he walks forward, then makes a long step to his right and dragging his left foot, then walks ahead in an ark back inline, as if walking around an obstacle.
a person slowly walks forward and then turns around.
the person is walking in a wobbly way from the end of the screen to the bottom. down a side walk
a person is walking forward slowly.
the subject is trowing a kick with the right foot.
a person lifts their left foot, bends at the knee and kicks forward.
a person stomping the ground.
a person takes two steps forward, turns around and walks back to their original location.
person walks forward slowly pivots on left leg and returns to  original stance
a person walks and turns right to walk back.
person walking forward slowly leading with the right foot.
a man walks forward slowly.
a man walks forward in the direction of the viewer, taking three slow steps.
man jumps in the air and then take several side steps to his left.
person jumps then moves quickly three steps to the side to their left
the man jumps once, waits a moment, then shuffles to his left.
a man ducks down while running toward the camera, all fours briefly hit the ground as he continues to move toward the camera and then starts to turn to his left.
a person runs, bends to touch the ground and stand up to continue running.
a man runs forward and stumbles.
the person waddles low to the ground and then stands up and walks back.
he moves around  then stops
a person squatted down walks forward, stands, then walks backward.
someone standing with his two hands on his knees and after raises his right hand up and later placed it back to his right knee.
someone is position in a squat and then raises the left hand.
a person has his hand son his lap and then with his right hand he looks to pat something infront of him.
a person crouches on their knees and then lays flat on their stomach.
person crouches down then lies down
a person lays down on the floor to do a push up.
a figure walks forward, swivels in a half turn to the left pushing right hand backward, then walks forward back to starting point.
the man turns left at a normal pace
a person walking straight and turns to the left
a person turns around and walks and then turns around again
the toon turns around, walking backwards to the end of the plane before once again turning around.
a person takes a step forward, turns around and walks back behind them, then turns around to face their front.
a person walks backwards then to the right
a person shuffles back slowly then sides steps, left/right leg, to the right.
a person slowly starts taking steps backwards, stops, and then steps slowly to their right.
a man shouting out for help with both hands, left and right.
the person is looking in the camera at someone.
a person shouting something out
a person moving arms and body in a fashion similar to washing themself.
a person begins to place items with one hand to the side opposite of their hand.
a person picking up their belongings.
he walks then runs forward
a person walks forward, then jogs back and forth across the floor before returning to their original position.
a man walks forward to his left, turns around and jogs a few steps, turns around and jogs back, then returns to his starting point
a person is walking in place.
a person calmly walking forward.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
the person is very sad while walking forward
a person is walking very slow with a sad posture about them
the person is walking like he is depressed.
a man picks something up and then walks forward.
a person picks up something and then walks forward.
a person bends down, picks something up with their right arm, and walks forward.
the figure squats while simultaneously bending its arms as if using dumbells, it repeats this motion twice.
a person lifts dumbells above their head, while bending the knees to squat at the same time.
a man performs two squats while also raising his arms over his head.
a person walks forward with their left leg limping.
a person walks down a ramp in a meandering line
person is slow walking.
a person walks from the left hand side to the right hand side in a waving path and then stops while facing towards the right.
a person walks in wavy motions.
a person walks around in an "s" shape.
the man drops his left hand makes a safe sign scratches his leg then raises his left hand.
a person lifts his left arm up to eye level and swings it back down, takes both hands and swings them to the sides, then rubs his left leg.
left arm drops then crosses over arms in motion to say no go, left arm comes back up and falls again
the person begins to walk in a clockwise oval, spins, and continues walking until they reach about 3/4ths.
a person spins in a clcokwise circle
person spins clockwise two times then walks in large clockwise motion with their head scanning down until they are about half way around then bends over slightly when they stop.
the person picks something up, tilts it then puts it back down
a person standing up uses both hands to pick something up below their waist to the left, then they use their left hand and apply something to their right bicep.
a person holds right hand over left forearm, releases hand, and stands up straight with arms by his side.
a person holds up their arms and makes sode to side waltz like motions with their feet.
the person raises both arms as if in dance pose, while steping forward with the right foot(1), left foot to the side (2), bringing the right foot together with the left (3) completing a half of a box step, then steps back on the left foot (1), to the side with the right foot (2), then drawing the left foot to the right (3) completing a whole box, or the box step in waltz.
someone is grabbing may be danding with someone.
the person is stepping on something.
a person walks up some stairs
a person quickly climbs a flight of stairs.
a person is lifting weights with both hands
a person is exercising with their arms
a person squats while also lifting both forearms up towards their head.
the person picks an object from waist high and puts it in his arms
a man is performing a happy dance before he does a handstand while doing leg scissors forward and backward and jumping on his hands, a brief fall and back up again.
a person is doing a hand stand.
a man stretches his leg.
person does squats on their back lag and extends their left leg forward
a person bends towards his right and goes up and down.
a person with arms raised above their head squats and then raises repeatedly
a person with both arms bent at the elbows doing a squat before coming back up again.
a person squats using both legs and stands back up, with both arms raised to shoulder level and elbows at a right angle.
a person is stepping to the right at a backward angle.
a person, with their arms held up and bent towards the person at the elbow, side-steps carefully to the left hand side.
a man side steps to the right and then side steps to the left.
a person uses their right hand and put it forward and then back down again
a person grabs something with their right hand and moves it slightly to the right.
a person stands upright and raises their right arm to shoulder length before lowering
a person walks forward several steps.
a man walks forwards at medium speed, swinging his left forearm whilst the right arm remains relatively motionless.
the man walks at a normal pace
person seems to be exercising by bending at the knees and walking forward
a man runs hurriedly in place before backstepping, dropping to a crouch, and duckwalking forward several steps with his arms bent in front of him at chest level.
a person stands up from the ground, walks backwards, squats down, walks forward while squatting, and then stands up.
a man walks forward and then turn to the right and keeps walking.,
the man walks forward then turns left and walk away.
person walks forward five steps then turns left and walks towards the left diagonally.
a person lifts their right arm straight out to the side, then turns it to point straight forward.
a person with left arm up and moves it forward.
the person has put his one arm out to the right and then back down.
person moves forward and extends the right leg and kicks something to the front
a man aggressively kicks an object to the right using his rigjt foot.
a man kicks to the left with his right foot and tyrns his whole body to the left.
a man swings his hips from side to side.
person shakes their hips side to side repeatedly
a person standing stands and moves his hips.
a person jumps and turns to the left.
a man jumps whilst rotating 90 degrees anti-clockwise.
a man jumps to the right.
a person walks forward slowly while keeping his hands at his side.
the person is walking a few steps
a person walks briskly downwards in a slightly angled path then stops.
a man holds packaged food in his right hand, opens the package with his left, and eats the food
the person is workin on something.
a person raises their hands to above shoulder height, and flicks their foot at the end of the motion
standing person lifts right arm to front of head as if speaking into a device.
a person brings his right hand to his face.
a person walks and lifts their right hand upwards for 3 seconds and then lowers their hand and stops walking.
a standing person raises their hands in front of their face.
a person lifts their arms up to where their head would be.
a person lifts both arms to shoulder height with the left arm a little higher than the left, bent at the elbow. then puts them back down
a person runs in place then begins to run in place in a small area facing in all directions.
a stick figure jogs in place and moves around a small area.
a person is jogging in place.
the person is walking forward, their left hand is pressing on top of something and lifts off and then pressing their left hand down again as they walk forward. they stop walking and move both arms up so they are spread out like airplane wings
a person walks and touches something with his left arm.
person slowly steps forward to the edge of the platform
a person stumbles to the right but quickly catches himself.
a person is pushed on his left arm, stumbles to his right, and then recovers to a stable standing position.
a person is pushed from their left, stumbles, and recovers with their left foot.
a person, standing still, suddenly throws something with their left arm.
a person brings their left arm up and jerks it forward, throwing something.
a person walks forward and uses their right hand to open the door knob the the peft
a person is walking in place.
a person walks forward at a leisurely, somewhat slow pace.
a person walks slowly forward.
person is doing abdominal exercise holding medicine ball
the person is laying on their back doing sit ups.
a person laying down puts their arms on their head and does two sit-ups.
a person is holding its head with its right hand, then sets it down, then holds its head with both hand.
a person is holding their head with both arms.
the person walks forward with their right hand raised, then sways with both hands raised.
a person doges to the left, then doges to the right.
a person stands up straight, turns over their right shoukder trying to dodge something, stumbles bacj to center and then turns over left shoukder trying to dodge something
the person is being punched by someone.
a person walks forward, spins on their foot, and walks back
this person walks forward then turns right and walks back.
person is walking then turning around and walking back.
a person extends their left arm outwards then back to their shoulder, in a curling motion.
the right hand is placed on the hip while the left arm is bending back and forth.
a person lifts their right forearms slowly two times.
a person quickly scrambles around, moving its arms as it goes
person stumbles slowly  on right left facing sideways before standing upright
the person is jumping around.
a person leans to their left as they punch with their right arm.
a person punching with his left hand.
person turns right knee to side then punches right hand to his left
a character takes two steps up to a beam, extends their arms to a "t" position while walking on said beam until reaching the destination.
a person appears to be walking the high beam in gymnastics
a man walking a very straight line with his arms outstretched at his sides.
person walks slowly with arms swaying slightly from top right to bottom left
a person walks very leisurely diagonally across the floor.
a person walking forward tilting to his right
a person is sitting with his hands resting on his thighs.
a person is sitting down still.
a man holds a static squat position, with his knees bent, feet pointing outwards, and his hands at his thighs.
a person waves at something in front of them.
man fastly waving hands and doing bye
the person is waving hi.
a person is holding something down with their left hand and repeatedly chops down on it with their right hand.
someone uses their hands in a back and forth motion, while also moving them up and down, in order to chop onions.
the person waves their right hand up and down.
the person took a giant leap forward.
the man turn and jump and walk to the other side  and jum 3 times.
a person turns to their right and leaps back and forth.
a person walks forward, turns, then walks back
a man walks forward before turning around and stopping.
a person walks forward, spins around with their right leg out, and walks back.
a figure raising its right arm above its head before gesticulating with its left hand
a person throws something with their right hand. the left hand is glitchy
the person is excercising.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person walks forward quickly before standing still.
a man walks 5 paces forward, really fast.
a person walks forward at a normal speed then turns right and continues to walk
a person walking forward before turning clockwise to stare down a ledge.
a man walks forward and then turns to the right and continues to walk.
person runs a third of a circle clockwise
a man runs forward than turns to the right.
the person is running around side to side.
a person is walking backwards.
a person takes three steps backwards at a normal pace
a person carefully stepping backwards.
a person takes a few slow steps forward while lightly swaying their hips.
the person took four steps forward.
starting with their left foot, someone takes one foot after another forward at a leisurely pace.
person is acting like a predator animal
with raised bent arms a person turns from side to side moving his arms.
a figure holds their hands above their head as though pantomimimng a monster
a person spins maybe a water bottle as they drink it with both hands.
a person is trying to move something up a wall with their hands.
a person has both hands together and lifts them up.
a person is spinning with is arms spread out and then he falls over.
a person turns round in a circle twice to his right, with the arms in the iar, then bends down towards the ground with arms hanging down
a person brings their arms to a t shape and spins clockwise in one spot, then bends forward without bending knees to place hands on the ground and returns to their starting position.
walking in a diagonal line then standing.
a person walks forward to the right and casually looks around.
a person walks to a window and looks around.
the person is walking around.
a person walks forwards, then gets pushed to the left, they recover and walk to their right.
a person walks down halfway and then makes a sharp diagonal to the right and then a sharp diagonal to the left in a zigzag pattern.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person does 2 jumping jacks.
person hops forward only on the left foot and the turn clockwise 180 degrees and hops the opposite direction in which they came from
person hops on one leg
the person in the video is walking on its red leg in a circle.
a person is facing forward without moving.
the person is standing still.
a person twitches their left hand.
a person staggers around drunk and repeatedly gestures down with their right hand, as if mumbling an imaginary argument to themselves.
a person walks in a clockwise direction and grabs something with his left hand while walking
a person walks in a clockwise motion wafting his right arm.
a person moving something from left to right and coming back to pick up another.
the man is pretending to be moving something from one place to another
a person moves something with both arms.
a person jogs for a few steps, then slows to a walk for a few more steps.
a person initially running and decelerating to a walking pace.
a person runs and then they walk.
a person walks forward, then turns their torso to the right, then walks back and a poses.
a person takes one step forward,looks to the left, then takes one step backwarss.
a person walks forwards, cracks an egg in a bowl, and then walks backward.
a person gets up from the floor on their hands and knees.
a person stands up from laying face down and then sways back and forth.
a person uses both hands to push up from the ground. stands up sways back from right leg to left leg. reaches toward the ground when clip ends
a man takes a step forward and then back and then forward again.
a person walks forward before being pushed from the front and recovers.
the person was pushed i did not fall down.
a person grabbed something with right hands and hanged on something
hanging from a central pole or rope spinning counterclockwise
the man is being acrobatic
a person is marching forward then stops and turns around
a person performing a march
a person raises knees high while walking forward then turns and does it again.
a person lifts an object with both hands, shifts it to the side, and sets it down.
a person picking something up and placing it down towards the right.
the person pick something up and then moved it to the other side.
a man moves fowards and staggers to the left side  and then moves fowards making a s shape.
person walks in a straight line, trips on something then moves back
a person takes three steps before stumbling and taking a slight back step to thier left.
robot walking forward slowly and then stopped.
a man walks with a stiff gait forward.
a person walking down the stairs.
a man walks forward before stopping.
a person walking down in a straight line
a person walks straight forward
a person standing points at something by lifting their right hand.
a persons quickly raises their right arm like they are looking at their watch, then puts it back down again.
a man raises his right arm up to chest level, then puts it back down.
the person is wiping something with their right hand, and after, they walk backwards.
a person meticulously wipes off a surface and then backs away.
person pets an animal that is on the ground.
the person is spinning around.
a person holds their arms up and twirls in circles
a person spins around, pivoting off of one leg with an arm raised.
a man raises his arms to shoulder height, praising jesus's sacrifice.
man moving his arms down and back again in the t-pose
the person is doing arm exercises.
person walks forward, turns around, and walks back
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward then quickly turns to the left and reverses.
a person takes a step to their left and then steps back.
a man steps to the left and then to the right.
a person sidesteps back and forth
a person does a drinking motion with his right arm
a figure seems to look upward and to use their hand to help them look at or read something eye level or higher
a person lunges toward the left while lifting their right arm up, then repeats the motion.
a person holds up both of their hands in front of their face and then leans back to dodge an obstacle.
the person has both hands up near his chest.
a man stands ready to defend, then sways back to avoid a punch.
a person walks using both legs, but kicks the ground with their right leg on each step with the right leg
person bounces whilst walking everytime it reaches their right leg
person walks with a limp in right leg and with very little bend in left leg.
the stick figure walked foward.
a person walks forward several steps.
a person is walking straight forward briskly.
a person walks forward, takes a sharp right, and walks forward again.
a man walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks forward, does a spin, and walks back.
a man steps in a square while moving his arms in front of him.
the person is dancing which seems to be salsa with another person, moving around every so slightly but not too far from the same spot
a person dances while shuffling in a small circle.
person starts out on hands and knees and stands up.
a person standing tall after being kneeled down.
a man is on his hands and knees, then stands up tall.
a man is taking a step down using his right leg first.
person is walking down taking one step.
someone is moving to the right
a person waves their right hand, spreads their arms out and down, and makes a figure eight with their hands held together and raises them above their head as they separate.
the man waves with his right hand makes a safe sign then clasps his hands and waves then around in the air.
waving hands around near chest
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back to where they were before
a man walks foward and  makes a u turn on his left side making a u shape.
a person walks forward, pivots to the left, and then walks back to the starting point.
the person walk forward then turn around and walk the other way.
walks a normal few steps then turns back to keep walking.
a person walking forward and turning around and walking back
a person, walk forward and turned right side, and kept walk
a person walks forward, then walks to the right and stops.
person walks forward a few steps then turns right walks a few more steps then stops.
man picks something to the right up using right arm examines then replaces it
person take a step backward and answers the phone and hangs up and turn to the right.
a man picks something up and puts it near his head before putting it back down.
a person lowers their arms, gets onto all fours, and crawls
a person steps forward then goes down to the ground on their hands and knees, then they crawl forward on all fours.
person is on their knees.
person jumps off the ground lightly
a person jumps once on the spot.
a person jumps up only one time.
a person picks up drink with left hand to drink.
a person reaches down with their left hand, grabs a glass, drinks it, and places the glass back.
a person takes a step forward and reaches out with their left hand to drink something, then takes a few steps backwards.
the right arm goes up at shoulder height and goes across the body to the left and right again.
a person is waving left arm.
a person pans around with their right hand, motioning to something in front of them.
a person jumping while rasing both hands, and  move apart legs
person does squat thrusts three times with legs going outwards and arms going above head
a person jumps with legs open while clapping with hands over head simultaneously.
person is walking backwards.
a person slowly walks backwards in a straight path.
a person stepping straight backwards towards an edge.
a person power walks straight forward.
person takes fast steps forwards
a person quickly walking up a few steps.
character is taking a side step to the right, then a side step to the left.
a person steps to their right and crosses their left leg behind their right, then steps back the other way.
a person shuffles to one side then shuffles back.
a person walks with their head down and turns in a circle while searching the ground.
someone hunches and stalks forward, turns to stalk back, then turns around again to return to the starting position.
a crouching person walks forward, pivots to their left, walks forward in the opposite direction, and then pivots to their left again.
the person is doing arm gestures.
a person moves his right and left hand around.
a man repositions objects on a shelf then steps back away from them.
a person stretches their left arm slowly towards the sky and rotates their shoulders backwards.
a man lifts his arms above his head, stretching.
a person is yawning, stretching their arms over their head.
a person squats with their butt lower than their knees.
man squats after gabbing belly
a person stands and drops quickly.
a person walks forward, picks something up, puts their hand to their mouth and tilts back their head, then puts it down
person person is running his hand up a pole.
a person walks forwards, picks up something with their left hand, brings it to their face and puts it down.
the person is back stepping.
a person takes one step to the side
person shuffles backwards slightly to the left of the screen
a person is moving around his left arm.
a figure has rotating balls within its shoulder and spins its arm around in a circle motion.
a person reaches down towards their left leg and then goes back up to standing position
someone walks forward and to the right, then stands looking straight ahead.
a person walks forward and turns to the right.
a person walks to their right.
the man takes a step and raises his left hand.
a man raises his right arm.
raising arm and posing.
a person reaches down to their left and picks something up, holds it briefly, then places it down.
a person picking something longer than wider up, and showing it upright.
sightly bending forward to the left extending both his arms in a scooping motion across the body to the right and back down again.
the person stgeps forward, jabbing alternating hands out.
a man makes four large steps diagonally across a mat while making karate type moves with his hands and arms, then two steps back with similar movements.
a person makes slow advances forward, with each time they put their arms out in front of them in defense
he lifts dumbbell with left arm
a person bends their arms at the elbow repeatedly
a person lifting a dumbbell with their left hand
the person with his shoulders down and is looking from left to right
a person stands still, swinging their head around.
a person does neck exercises by rolling their head from right to left, then around in a circle.
the body goes on hands and knees to start crawling then turns around to crawl.
person gets on all fours and crawls on floor to right and back to the left and then stands up
a standing person gets down on their hands and feet, crawls forward, turns around and crawls forward again, then stands back up.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
a person walking in a steady pace
a person walks forward at a steady pace.
a person runs forward and leaps off of their left foot and stops briefly when they land. they then start to run again
a person sprints forward, jumps, then begins to run again.
a person starts moving very quickly, then using his legs thrusts himself over an object and standing still for a moment before continuing to move at a very quick pace.
animation is walking in downwards direction diagonally to the right
a man walks forwards slightly to the left.
a person slowly walks forward with arms to his side.
a person suddenly jerk steps to the right.
a figure makes a slide upward to the top left.
the person quickly side-skips, like a baseball shortstop, from his left to his right and swings his arms while doing so.
a peraon walking makes a right turn.
someone walks forward turn right and stop
a person walks forward, then to the right and stops.
a person jumps and turns around in mid air.
a man jumps up and faces the opposite direction.
the person did a jump and turned around the opposite direction
a man is in motion
as the person moves in an oval, he slides his right foot.
a man take several steps forward, his arms are slightly stiff, then several steps backwards and to the side.
a person claps with both hands.
a person claps their hands for several seconds.
a person claps politely for a few seconds, then stops for a moment and then claps a few more times.
the sim appears to be miskicking a hunter shooting a bow, then appears to be holding binoculars.
the person is doing a nursery ryhyne  cock robin.
a person raises right arm to head then raises both arms laterally, lowers arms then raises both arms in front of their face
a person is walking down and then back up.
fast movements walking front to back.
a person walks forward, turns to face the opposite direction and retraces their steps
a person bows forward then returns to a prone position.
a person bends backwards and then bends back into standing position.
a person made a bow while looking forward
a man walks forward then takes a rather large stuff with his right leg, then continues walking forward.
person moves forward five steps and nearly trips up on right leg
robot start walking forward and then took a big step to step over something,
the arms are stretched out then lowered back down, the right arm touches left shoulder across the chest, the right hand is placed at top of neck and down chest area then pointed outward and placed back at original position.
a person grabs three different items off shelves.
a man raises both arms outstretched, lowers them and moves left hand up to down and right to left.
person is jumping up and down
a man makes several small jumps and then large jumps.
a person jumps up and down multiple times while slightly moving towards the right.
someone walks to a door touches it and leaves
a person crosses the room and uses his right arm to pat someone on the shoulder, then turns around and walks back across the room.
a man walks forwards, several steps and rubs his centre or stomach area with his right hand before turning around to his left and walking back to where he came from.
a person walks while touching something with is right hand.
a person walks down the stairs while using their right hand for support on the hand rail.
a person uses their right arm to hold the leash while walking the dog
a person takes two steps forward then turns to the left and takes two more steps.
a person walks forward then turns to their right, continuing to walk.
a man walks forwards while taking a gradual right turn.
someone stirring  something
a man stirs something with his left arm.
person standing reaches left arm across belly
a figure steps back and sits down, then stands back up and steps forward.
sitting down to get up again
a person crouches and stands back up.
figure moves downwards forward in area.
person is walking with a fairly wide stance forwards, and then there is some movement in the z-axis. appears to be walking up stairs
a person walking forward with their shoulder wide, before climbing steps.
a person uses their strength to squat and lift something heavy above their shoulders.
a person lifting weights with both hands while bending their knees
a man holds his arms at head height while he squats down, then raises back up.
a man raises his right hand to his head as in a salute.
a person raises their right arm in a salute.
a man raises his right hand and hold it there
someone trying to sit also balance
a person sits down on a chair.
a man crouches from a standing position.
a person sits down in a chair and stands up.
a person steps back with left foot and sits down, supporting himself using the arm rests of the chair and then proceeds to stand up again and take two steps forward, beginning with his right foot.
person steps back, sits down briefly using hands to support their body, then stands up and steps forward.
the man flexed his muscle and touched it and then put his arm back down to a side.
a person raises their right arm and makes a swiping motion with their left.
he pretends to take something off his hand
this person does not move, just stands in place.
a man stands with his arms at his sides and his legs apart, moving as little as possible.
the person is having a drink.
a man paces back and forth.
a person paces back and forth, first going right and then going left.
the person is walking back and forth in the room.
he sits down slowly and comes back up
a figure begins to sit cross legged by leaning forward and rightward, putting right leg behind left and lowering body toward ground with bent left support leg as right arm reaches down to support body and as left hand starts to support full sit position the figure pauses and reverses action to stand back up.
a person sits on the floor and gets back up.
a person walks forward a few steps, breaks into a running jump, lands and continues to walk.
a man walks 3 to 4 steps and jump a little high
a person walks forward, then starts running, and ends with a running kick.
the man is walking fast
a man walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward quickly.
a man bends his left leg then kicks it out in the air.
a man kicks up high with his left leg.
a person clasps their hands together and then kicks out in front of them with their left leg
a person has both hands together.
a person uses right hand to slice object.
a person holds something with their left hand and slices at it with their right.
the man is doing starjumps
a man is doing jumping jacks before stopping and running in place.
a person does three jumping jacks, then runs in place four times.
someone is climbing a ladder,  they walk up 3 steps and then back down.
a person grabs a ladder in front of them, then climbs up the ladder, before returning down.
a person climbs to the top of the ladder, brushes something off the top platform of it, and then proceeds to climb back down again.
person appears to be running in straight line then jumps over something and continues running.
a person runs forward and to his left and jumps over something midway.
a person is running then takes big leap.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
person walks forward down a slight incline.
a person slowly walking forward
a person stands up then walks in a circle
a man walks around in a circle before stopping.
a person is walking in a circle clockwise.
the man walks forward at a medium pace
a person walks forward at an average pace
a person quickly advancing up a few steps.
a person standing still suddenly steps forward and to their left with their right foot, and then steps back to the same position.
a figure steps their right leg forward, in a loose motion as though stumbling, then steps their foot back again.
a person moves quickly to the left
a person slowly lifts something up to the left of them with both hands, brings it back behind them and throws it forward with force.
right hand meets the left hand and are both pull back to the hip then the right arm is thrown forward.
the man was playing baseball and threw the ball.
a person is looking all over.
a person is twisting and turning to the right, leans more left, twists and turns even more to the right, and then twists and turns back to the front.
a person looking to the left turns to the right looking over their shoulder.
a person is jogging forward.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
person jogs forward three steps with arms and hands chest height
a man walks forward, reaches the edge of the shaded area and halts
figure walks forward 5 steps with arms down by side
a person walking slowly while appearing to sway side to side.
person walks very slow to front
a person slowly walks forward, looking dispirited.
a person walks forward slowly but not in a straight line
a person walks forward in a slight left to right and right to left sway.
person walks forward to the screen
the person is walking slowly.
character crotches down and walk forward a few steps. reaches left hand behind him and thrn rubs head with right hand.
a person is looking for something using their right arm and squatting over
someone crouches in conspiratorially before pointing and looking off to their left.
someone is sliding an object to the left
a man is standing then moves his right hand then claps his hand
swings right arm up while left is staying still
a person walks with an odd gait, forward, and slightly to the left.
a person walks down the stairs.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
person is standing in place
person it’s just standing still
a person is sitting and then gets up
a person takes 3 steps backwards
person is walking backwards.
the person walks backwards and stops.
a person stepping back diagonally.
a person sidestepping to their back-right.
a person steps back with their left foot.
slowly swinging the arms forward as the body walks slowly.
a stick figure walks from upper left to lower right
a person walks slightly in a right diagonal direction while holding his right arm still
a person jumps and turns left and right.
a man jumps while spinning slightly to the left then jumps in a complete counterclockwise circle.
person faces forward then jumps to their left then they bend they knees and jump spin twice before standing still
a person moves arm back and forth and then sets something down on the ground.
a person standing straight does a short hammer bicep curl three times with right hand before leaning down and releasing the hand.
the person is caring a huge suitcase.
someone is stepping up a staircase and using the handrail
a person walks up four stairs, placing their right hand on a railing of some sort.
a person walks up as if he is going up a staircase, with his right arm raised as if he is holding on a railguard.
he done a wipe back small circle
standing person with bent knees brings arms from shoulder level to knees, slightly wobbles, then brings arms to shoulder level again.
a person standing, half squatted, has their hands on their knees and then raises their arms outward to shoulder height. they are then returned to the original position.
a man steps forward diagonally one step at a time.
the person takes one giant step forward.
person takes a long step out to thier front right side.
a person waves at someone with his right hand.
person raises their right arm and rotates hand from side to side with the fingers pointing towards us and the thump held as though wrapped around something.
a man lifts his right arm to shoulder height, and waves his right hand.
he stirs with his right hand
uses right arm to open something
person waves hand stomach height
a person walks forward, puts their left hand down on a table, and uses their right hand to reach over the table and grab an object.
a person leans down and grabs something with their right arm.
a person walks forward, approach a table, put the left hand on the table and lean over the table.
the subject walks forward with the initial step being slightly to their left before straightening out
someone is walking forward straight on the screen
a person walks forward then stops
a man takes an object and lifts it to his head with his left hand.
robot is standing in tilt position and touched something with his both hand and uplift his left arm.
a person opening a bottle with right hand and drinking from the bottle with the left hand.
someone with his arms outstretched turns his hands
a person raised both hands and did some jesture
a person in a t pose is wiggling their hands, then bring their arms to their cheats.
raising arms and then lowering them
he raises his hands as if to stop someone or as an umpire giving a safe sign.
a person lifts both arms in the air.
a man walks forward and to the left before stopping.
he steps with an inside-out move with his left foot and walks forward with an arc to his left.
a person walking then takes a turn to their left
a person steps up onto something, walks across it, and steps down off of it.
the person is walking forward.
a person walking over a unleveled and inclined surface.
a person shuffles his feet quickly and moves from side to side multiple times.
preforming hockey warmups for a goalie
at basketball practice, she makes lateral defensive moves, to the right, then left, then right and finally left.
a person walks on a straight line
a person is briskly walking forward in a slightly diagonal direction
a person walks casually down the floor.
a person swing left arm all the way back and forward once.
a person swipes ahead with their left arm.
person person swan his left arm down.
a man brings his hands together in applause.
a person claps hands together several times.
a person claps his hands.
a person is standing still, steps to the left, then stands still again.
person quickly jumps laterally to the left.
a man takes a medium side like step to the left.
a person steps forward with right foot, grabs one item with each hand, and makes a sawing motion with right arm
the man picks up the soap and washes his right arm.
person picks up something, moves it back and forth, and puts it down
a person is walking around.
a man walking slowly in a straight line and then turning around
walking to the side in a diagonal then back.
person is sitting down then getting up.
person walks back slowly into a chair and sits then gets back up
person walks backwards and sits in imaginary chair
a man raises their arms above their head then brings it back down.
a person lifts both arms over their head, then lets them fall back down.
a man stretches his hands over his head.
a person angrily walks forward and to the right
a person looking down and walking forward
person looks down and walks forward.
a person walks forward with a strut.
walking in a left arc by 45 degrees
a person walks straight forward.
a man walks forward for 5 steps.  he then turns 45 degrees to his left and continues walking.
a person briskly walks forward before turning left and continuing on.
a person walks forward, turns to the left, and continues walking.
a person raises and lowers a dumbbell a few times with their right arm.
a man bends his right arm like he is lifting a dumbbell.
a person stands in place lifting their right arm at the elbow 3 times quickly
a person walks backwards quickly, leading with the right foot.
a man with a red left arm and left leg and a blue right arm and right leg walks forwards, slightly wobbly and stumbling.
a person walks backwards several steps.
the right hand extends above the side while the legs step up to climb.
a person walks up imaginary steps.
a person going up the stairs with the support of the right sided railing.
a person looks at an object in their left hand three times and then places it down on the ground.
a person swings arm slightly forward a couple of times and then leans to the side as if to drop something down.
a person moves around his right hand.
the man puts something down and walks
a person bends at the waist and seems to pick up something with their right hand, then walks forward and places it on something in front of them, then walks back.
the person bent over and pick something up.
feeling well continuing by moving in a joyous mood.
a person is hopping and kicking around joyfully
person has arms fully extended to side shoulder length then  kicks right  leg forward then left leg then right leg
takes a couple steps to the left then back again to the right and repeats.
a person sidesteps back and forth
the person is side stepping.
a person is dancing with arms up.
a person swings their arms and body around as if they are dancing.
a person lifts their right arm up while thrusting their left arm and leg out, then does a turn while lifting up alternating arms.
a person gets up, and moves an item with his right hand.
person walks in a circle with their right hand up to their face
a person walks clockwise while holding something on their shoulder.
a person picks something up with both hands, places it on their head and fastens it down.
a person grabs a hat to his right with both hands, places it on his head, and adjusts it with both hands.
a person picks something up and puts it on their head.
body moves in counterclock motion once and then jumps into counterclock motion twice after while leaving a mark on the floor.
the person seems to ready itself to jump sideways but ends up turning clockwise . he then jumps clockwise 360 degrees before turning around and facing forward and stretching arms to the side
this person jump and spin and then balance themselves.
the person does jumping jacks.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a figure performing 2 star jumps
a person, holding something in their left hand, wipes a table with their right hand and wipes one area a bit harder.
a figure leans forward and wipes a surface with both circular and back and forth motions
a person leans forward and with their right hand wipes a flat surface with a back and forth motion.
person is hunched over creeping diagonally down.
person crouches down with both shoulders and legs wide apart from back to front
a person walks in a sneaky way forwards.
a person raises their right hand slightly to look at their watch.
a person checking his/her wrist like checking the time as if he/she is waiting for something
a person looks at their right wrist then drops it.
person walks forward several paces slightly veering to the left.
a person walks diagonally to his far left.
a person walks straight forward at a normal pace.
a person stretches their arms above their head.
the person is waving something up.
a person stretching arms above head.
a stick figure without a head raises the arm on the right side of the screen. he then raises both his arms outward, bent just a bit and twist side to side before lowering his arms again.
a person lifts his hands around.
a person raises their left hand, then holds both of their hands out in front of them.
a person lifts his left and right arm into the air.
a man moves his left arm up in a dancing motion and moves the right.
a person waves their left arm, then waves their right arm.
the person looks like he’s throwing a baseball
a person is pitching a ball with their right hand.
a person picks up an item and throws it hard with their right hand.
a person walks in a half circle.
a person walks around a room before stopping to look out of a window.
a person walks forward and slightly left and then makes a sharp right turn.
a person reaches their right arm up and over their head, stretching in a crescent moon position.
a man waves his right hand above his head left then right
a man raises his right arm.
a person reaches down with alternating hands, then moves their right hand back and forth, then reaches down with alternating hands
person stretches across the body on both sides.
person ism oving something maybe cleasning.
the person walked in and sat down immediately .
a figure spreads its arms in a stretch, then walks forward and to the right to sit down
a person slowly walked forward in rigth direction and sat on something
taking 3 steps forward starting with left foot and then stopping
a person walks forward and stops.
a man walks forward on a line.
a person swings their arms back and forward at opposite intervals, while stepping from side to side starting with their right leg
a person walking around dancing with shoulder, arms and legs.
a person moving their left and right leg in a slow motion as if doing a dance.
a person stumbles backwards and stops.
a person stumbles backwards, first with right foot while raising left arm, then left foot, dropping left arm back down.
person steps back two  steps leading with right foot first
a person bends legs and lifts dumbells.
a man bends at the knees in a squatting motion while holding a bar over his shoulders with both hands
a person keeps his hands up to the sides at head level, squats almost to the floor and rises, squats again until thighs are parallel to the floor and quickly rises, and squats almost to the floor and rises.
a person walks up to a door, knocks, and leaves.
a person walks forward and knocks on a door, then walks back in a straight line.
a man walks forward and knocks before turning around and walking back.
the person raises their hands to their head, holds them briefly and then lowers them.
a man puts his hands on his head and puts his hands back down.
a man steps forward, brings hands together in front of him before raising them up and then down before stepping back.
person is waving hands up.
robot is trying to stretch his arms.
a person extends their arms out to their sides then rotates them backwards, stretching their shoulders.
a person walks forward at moderate pace.
a person walks downwards in a straight line and stops in a slightly brisk manner.
the man moves forward at a normal pace
a person is pretending to be a ghost
the person floats in the air like a ghost
a person with both arms raised gently sways and walks in a figure eight pattern.
a person standing and then jumping up
a person jumps up with one knee pulled to their torso and their arms raised to head level on either side of them. they land and clasp their hands above their head and saunters away.
a person doing a jump pose.
arms begin in a bent position, then the right hand goes up as the left hand simultaneously goes down.
a standing person raises his left arm and moves it back and forth while his right arm is hanging down and swinging to balance him.
a man lowers his right arm after it has been raised.
man lies on ground moves head back and forth starting to the right
a man is lying down and moves his head slightly.
the man is splayed out on the floor, taps his hands, and lifts his head to look around.
the man lifts a dumbbell with his right hand
a person rotates their right arm at the elbow
a person is waving with their right hand while facing forward.
the person reaches to his left with his leg.
a person takes a big step with their left leg and moves forward and to the left.
the person took a long step diagonally towards the left side.
a person moves sideways to the left and then sideways back to the right and then one more step to the left.
a person takes steps to the left and to the right before standing in place
person steps to their left 2 paces and back again 2 paces, then one small side step left
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person walks quickly and comes to a stop.
a person walks swiftly down a ramp at a left angle.
a man picks up object from the ground using his right hand then with left hand and then keeping his left hand near his stomach exercises with the right hand and then keeps back the object on the ground from left hand and then with right hand
the man tries to pick something up with both hand then moves his right hand forward
a man picking from left and right and pushing it towrds
a man walks forwards at medium pace with his arms swawing gently.
someone walks forward four steps rigidly.
subject walks forward and stops.
a person sits on a chair and leans back, relaxing and folding their legs.
the toon appears to be grabbing a office chair, taking a seat and raising their legs before reclining.
a person sit somewhere and just relaxed
a person takes one step up, walks in a straight line, and takes one step down.
the person walks up something and down something.
a person steps up and walks forward in a straight line, then steos doen.
a man walks counterclockwise in a circle
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion, taking long steps.
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion.
a person walks backward in a counterclockwise circle
a person slowly walks backwards in a counter clockwise motion while dragging their left foot.
a person moving backwards anti clock wise while drawing a line with its feat
a person covering his/her face and revealing it again
a person is standing up, playing peekaboo by covering their face with both hands
a man covers their face and then seems to scare someone
a person jogging in forward direction.
person runs forward 4 paces and stops
a person runs forward and stops.
a man moves knife with his right had while holding something with his left
a person standing in place is holding an object in front with left hand and rubs right hand on the object.
a person is making chopping motions.
person is pretending they are a dinosaur.
a man lefts both hands like a zombie.
person looks to be pretending to be a dinasour or t-rex.
a person flips to the right side.
a person flips clockwise from their left side of body and also swings both hands to their left side during flip.
a person swings their arms clockwise, flips in a clockwise circle, and lands.
a man jumps low then jumps high then waves his arms in an arc around his body.
the person is doing jump up and down warm-ups.
jumping up and down in place.
arms flap open and close to the sides of the body.
a person stretches their arms out to the side while squatting, then drops them back down.
a man raises both his arms.
a person picks up something and moves it to the right.
a man is holding both arms out and then pulling them back in left to right as if he is transferring something heavy.
a person gently lifts an object and passes it to their right.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise oval, then begins to walk the oval a second time.
the person walks in a circle counter clock wise.
the person is walking clockwise in a circle.
person is psinning themselves around,
keeping the lower body stationary, a person swings his upper body back and forth before spinning the whole body in a complete circle.
a person twisting side to side and spins clockwise to the left
a person steps back on his right foot; swipes something in the air with his right air; stretches both arms; steps back on right foot; walks forward on left foot then turns around to the left walking toward something.
person reaches out with right arm, slaps something, then raises both arms
a person angrily grabs an object with his right hand and then stretches his arms above his head
a person jogs forward and stops
a person jogging forward until they reach an end.
a person jogs forward.
a man took two steps forward and then two steps backward.
a person steps forward, turns, and steps back forming a figure eight.
the figure walks forward a couple steps, turns 180 degrees and walks back.
a person runs forward and then to the right.
a person runs forward then abruptly turns to the left and continues running
runs at a bend going left to right and increasing the speed along the way.
a person raises his right arm to drink something.
a person stands while raising their right hand, bending by the elbow, to their facial area, pauses, and puts their right arm back down.
a man touches his face with his right hand.
a man walks forward to the right.
a person walking and then turning to their left
a man walk one fourth of the oval towards left
the person walks in a circle
a person walks to the right and circles wide to the left.
a man walks in a clockwise circle, with both arms at at his sides.
a person bends down, picks something up, sticks it in the ground and rotates it.
the toon is crouched down on one knee, stands up shuffles, raising both hands in front of them while walking to the end of the plane & turning around.
the person was kneeling and then stood up carrying something.
person has hands above head in a scratching motion
a person gestures at their face with their right hand.
a person rearranges a tall shelf.
a person from what it looks like turning a steering wheel to the left
stick figure turning steering wheel
a person seated, rotating object with hands.
he raises his right leg behind him and holds it while leaning forward, then lets it down and momentarily loses his balance.
the man raises his hands and leans forward on one foo then back.
a man lowers his raised arms and the moves his left leg backwards in the air.
the person is in a fighting stance, then hops backwards and lowers their hands, trying to dodge something
the person appears to be in a fight stance.
a person jumps backwards and puts their hands together.
a person waves with right hand.
a person waives twice with their right arm.
moving the right arm towards the face moving his hand back and forth in a waving motion.
the figure appears to be in some sort of distress
person looked like he was hanging on to something to pose.
person has hands in front of face, puts them down, then acts nervously
a man crawls around on the ground.
a person crouches down and moves on their hands and feet like an animal.
the man crab crawls across the area and back.
robot started moving backward and then stopped.
person is walking backwards.
a person walks backward on their toes while crouching.
the body walks to left in a curve.
a person walks forward then turns to walk to the right.
a figure walks a few steps forward before raising their arm and knocking, then turns around and walks away
person walks forward, knocks on a door, and walks away.
a person walking up to a wall and tapping it with their fingers.
the person is sitting down.
a person drops down with its hand going up to its chest
a person shakes their head and shoulders while squatting.
a person jumps backward calmly.
the body jumps back big with both feet being planted at the same time.
a man bends his legs and makes a jump directly backwards.
a person sits on the ground, crosses their legs, then stands back up.
a man sits down before standing back up.
person sits down with legs crossed with both hands on both knees, using both arms to push himself back up to standing position
a person crouches then lunges forward with a kick.
the sim is standing with their right foot behind them, stepping forward and kicking with their left foot four times.
the person is doing a karate kick with their left foot.
a man walks forward, stops and moves an object with his right hand.
a figure walks up to a table or counter and moves items with their right hand
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward at fast pace.
person walks quickly forward with arms at sides.
a person is walking forward fast
a person picks something up then sets it down
a person carrying something lifted it up above head.
a man lifts both hands up in the air.
a person walks up the stairs.
a person walks forward and climbs on the stairs.
a person is walking forward one step, and then appears to walk up 5 steps in the same direction.
a standing person moving both their right then left arms in a cricle motion.then placing both their hand on their hips going in a cricle motion,then lifting their left foot off the ground
person moving hands and body back and forth while remaining stationary
the man has a range of motion
robot start doing exercise by stretching his legs and uplifting arms.
person does to side jumps keeping legs shoulder  length apart and moving arms from hips to above their head
someone is working out jumping up and down
a man takes a step back.
person takes one step backwards
a person being pushed back
a standing person extends both of their hands forward, then drops their arms to their side.
a person holds something in front of their chest.
a person remains stationary while lowering his arms to his sides, then brings them forward with elbows bent and placing their hands as if there is an invisible steering wheel, then returning their arms to the relaxed position at their side.
the person lifted a weight with his left hand.
a person swing one arm out to the side after the other
moving arms to the side then back.
person looks behind them and sits in a seating position raising legs
someone seems to be sitting in a car
a man sits down, using his right hand to support himself
the figure is running on a diagonal.
the person jogs into the left
a person runs straight forward.
the human is running forward briskly
someone runs down to the other side and stops.
a person raises arms to waist height and jogs forward.
the man takes a step and picks up 3 things takes a few more steps and places one thing on the table then turns around to head back.
a person walks forward and bends over to pick something up, then walks forward more and places the object on a table
a person walks diagonally to the left, bends over and picks up a few items, then continues walking
a person walks forward stumbling around going backwards and then forward again with both arms flailing to his/her side.
a person drunkinly staggers around a room.
a person stumbles forward and backward several times.
person walks in half circle from left to right
a person walks in a curved line.
a man walks forward and then turns slightly
the person is taking a drink with the right hand.
a person walks forward, grabs an object, drinks from it, and sets it back down.
a person walking up a few steps acting to pick a drink up and drinking from this item.
a man steps to the side and then holds something to his head before stepping back.
a person lifts something, drinks, places it down and turns forward.
a  person pivots with right foot backwards  , raises right hand then returns to start  position
sitting on a chair and getting up
this person step back , sit down and then stand up again
a person takes a step forward, gets on both knees, then leans on his right leg to get back up.
person lifts right leg and right arm then brings left arm to face area
the person was using an upper right
a person stands on his left foot and leans over as he makes a pushing motion with his arms,
a person hops in place and then walks forward.
a person jumps and then walks forward
a person hops over something then takes four steps and stops with both feet next to each other.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
someone places their right hand on their ear while shimmying and dancing music.
a person puts their right hand to their eyes then puths hand down again.
a man walks up several steps.
the man is walking up the stairs
a man walks up several raised levels.
a person crawls forward on their hands and knees and then crawls backwards.
person gets down on both hands and knees and crawls around.
someone crawls four steps on the ground, turns 180 degrees to thr right and crawls two more steps.
someone is holding both arms out, fully extended, while walking forward in a straight line
a person walks while holding both of his arms out
a person walks with both arms spread out.
a person walking forward.
a person slowly walks forward to stand as far forward as they can within the rectangle.
a person takes five steps forward starting and ending with their right leg.
a figure wind mill kicks around the mosh pit.
the person practices karate moves
a person walking with wild legs.
a woman is sauntering across the screen
the person is dancing or shaking around
a person twists the upper torso to the right, while quickly sliding or jumping back at an angle, then does a forward shuffle (foot forward and together and forward) leading with the left foot.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person walks forward a few steps, then makes a 180 degree right hand turn, then walks back to original position.
a man walks, turns around and then walks back
the person hesitates then slowly puts their right foot first and takes 5 steps forward and then stops.
a man slowly walks forward.
a man walks forward very slowly.
a person alternates flapping both arms and bending their neck forward multiple times, mimicking a chicken.
a person is moving his arms and head like a chicken
the person was flapping his arms like a chicken.
a person walks forward, reaches the edge and halts.
a person is standing at the top of a ramp, then takes 4 steps down the ramp, right foot first.
a person is standing, then walks forward and comes to a stop
person is running across.
the body sprints forward to a slight left.
a person runs forward with their arms bent at the forearms and swinging in front of them
a person limps forward with a hurt right leg.
a man is walking bent over with both of his hand resting on his thigh.
a person walks as if they're dragging something on their right side.
a person shifts left, walks straight and then paces backwards.
a man walks a perfect triangle in different walking positions.
walking in a triangle and standing in the middle
a person is stretching their left leg and getting ready for a run.
a person lifts up and stretches their right leg.
a girl walks fast slowly speeds up to a run then gradually slows down to a walk.
a person throwing with his left hand and catching it with both his hands.
person throws something with right hand then brings both hands together
a person throws something forward with the right arm, then catches something with both hands at the right side of the body, then straightens the upper body.
a person standing up and swaying
a person swings gently. a person swings with more force towards the right.
person stands still swaying in wind slightly side to side
a person squatting while extending their arm and balancing and standing up,
a person stands up, stretches out their arms, moves forward slightly, and remains standing in one place.
a person straightens up from a crouching position, raises both arms out to the side  and back down and then they move their feet in a small shuffle forward and shake their right hand.
the person is jogging lightly
a man jogs forward in a straight line.
the man is running straight and starts going slightly to the right.
a person who is walking forward at a steady pace.
a person casually walks forward.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks slowly from one side to the other
a man walks in an s pattern across the floor.
a man starts to walk left to right and back again, creating a wave shape behind him
person walks forward in slow manner
a person walks straight forward
a man slowing walking forward
a person stumbles backward without falling.
person steps backwards sharply starting with their left foot. looking at their left shoulder movement, the person appears to be reacting to being shoved and staggered backwards.
the person is standing by and waving.
a man lifts his right hand to his head.
a person standing straight and lifting dumbbells with his right hand.
a person lifting something with the right hand, two reps
a person sits on the floor cross-legged then stands
a man begins to sit down and crosses his legs but then stands back up again
the person is sitting down and standing up .
this person has both arms extended out to his sides and moves them is small circles.
a person raised the both hands
the person is standing with their arms out twisiting their wrists
a person standing in place taking a drink
a person drinks something with their right arm and then their left arm.
person appears to put hand to mouth as if they are drinking something.
a man winds his arm up and throws something.
a person throws something with their right arm
a person throws a ball with their right arm.
a person walks forward, jumps over something, then keeps walking
a standing person walks forward for 3 seconds, does a little hop, then continues walkiing.
the person is  walking forward.
a person back up two steps sits down on something and the stands up again.
a person turns his head right to look back, then backs up slowly with his right side first. he slowly takes a seat in a chair, then gets back up pushing on the arms of the chair.
a person walks backward, sits in a chair, and then stands.
a man raises his right arm to a railing while slowly walking up stairs.
a handsome man lies prostrate on the ground, his legs splayed out indifferently in all directions.
a person walks up four stairs starting with the right leg while the right hand looks to hold onto a railing
a person gets nudged backwards on their left shoulder.
this person is standing and briefly moves.
the person quickly gestures with his right hand, moving it waist high, stands stationary, and then quickly gestures with both hands to his left, again waist high.
a man takes four large steps to the right and then four large steps to the left.
a man slowly sidesteps to the right 4 steps, then sidesteps to the left 4 steps.
a person sidesteps four times to their right, then sidesteps four times to their left.
the person is holding a golf club and doing a golf swing.
someone who is playing golf
the man is pretending to play golf
the man walks forward and lifts an object from the floor and places it on a table turns and walks back.
a person walking and then picking something up and then walking away
a person walks straight forward, bends down, then turns and walks back
a person on a swivel chair moved from front to left typing and talking on the phone motions.
a person sitting and twirling on his chair while on the phone with his left hand.
person is likely sitting down using a phone.
a person walks, speeds up, and jumps.
a person walking and jumping forward.
a person walks forward, increases his pace, and then leaps in the air.
the person is walking in circles
the person is walking like they are tired.
a man turns around to walk the other direction, walks forwards and then turns around again.
person walks forward then turns to their right and carry on walking then stop
a person walks around two edges of a room.
walked straight to end then turned left and waked to end
a person jumps up and down multiple times.
a person hops quickly in place.
a person bounces up and down gently while leaning slightly to their right and left repeatedly.
person turns 45 degrees to the right and jogs a few pace, then turns 180 degrees and jogs back, before turning back to jog to where they started.
a person runs to the left, runs to the right, and walks back to the left.
a person jogging quickly back and forth, before coming to standstill in center.
a person slightly crouches down and bends their arms at the elbows and walks slowly from side to side.
a person slowly walked forward while the knee is bend
a person appears to be creeping around, moving forward.
the man takes 5 curved steps.
a person walks forward and bends to the right.
a person walks while turning right
stick man walking straightforward in wobbling position maybe taking a dui test.
a man walks forward and then stumbles before continuing.
the person was pushed while walking across the balance beam.
the man walk forward and move the right hand to the right side and went back.
a person walks straight, picks up a cup, puts it down, and then steps back in surprise.
a person walks up, picks something up, places it down, and walks back.
a person is making a high kick with his left leg.
the person is throwing a baseball.
a person turns and leans to the right while bringing up left foot to knee height, leans slightly back bringing both hands together as if holding a ball, kicks his foot and returns to original position
a person gets into a stance and kicks with his left leg.
a person raising the left leg and bends the knee, pulling it up torward the chest. it looks like a pitcher winding up.
a person raises his letf leg
a person walks down stairs holding on to something on the right.
a person puts their left hand on a surface then walks forward.
the person walks downstairs, gripping a railing with their left hand, and stops at the bottom of the stairs.
a man has one hand on his head and the other crossed, then puts both hands on head as if sad.
a person is holding his face with his right hand, then both hands, then right hand only, then both hands again
a person holds their hands up to their face shaking slightly, as if crying.
a person on land is teaching the motions used to swim breast stroke.
the person moves their arms and legs as if swimming.
a person is swimming using breast stroke
a person stands waving their right hand.
a person is waving their right hand from side to side such as waving then stops.
a person stands stationary while waving "hello" with their right hand and then lowers their arm.
person person is walking forward diagonally to the left.
someone walks forward with intention.
a person is walking forward at medium speed.
a person walks around in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks counterclockwise in a near complete circle, beginning and ending at the 9 o'clock mark.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
person is holding right leg with both hands while standing on the left one.
a person balances on one foot while holding the other leg at knee and extendes up and down.
the person holds up their right leg and does kicks
person is doing jumping jacks.
the person jumps, spreads both legs out and lifts both arms over his head, then jumps again putting his feet together and arms down to his side. he does three jumping jacks.
a person jumps with his feet opening up to both sides and lifts arms to a v shape and back down, then repeats this a couple of time.
a person walks at normal pace, walks two steps a bit faster, then stops
a man walks forwards while keeping his arms stationary by his sides.
a person walks forward then jogs
a motion used to kick a ball
the person comes walking down and kicks with his left foot.
a person runs in a diagonal direction and makes movement to kick with their right foot into the air.
a person hops a couple of times, steps backwards and hops again.
the man jumps and walks backwards
a person jumps, moves around, and then jumps again.
a person walks forward slowly
a person walks slowly forward and stops.
a person is walking forward slowly.
a person stumbles to the right.
left leg crossing in front, right leg follows moving to the right
a man stumbles to the left.
someones walking and swaying there arms
a person goes in a 45 degree right angle forward while using handrails on both sides.
a person picks something up with their right hand and shakes their hand up and down then tilts their hand to mimic a pouring motion.
a person picks up a bottle with his right hand and shakes it up then pours a something out of it.
a person leans to the right and shakes a item and then poors it and puts it back down
a person squats and gets up. then repeats it.
a standing person crouches down with hands up and out to the side, stands back up, couches down again, then stands again.
a person performs bodyweight squats.
a person struggling to push arms forward and upwards, arms shaking.
a person with arms raised and elbows bent begins slowly making a punching motion with right hand and then again with their left hand.
robot is moving his both hands in upward direction.
a person stretches his left arm and then stretches his right arm.
a person stretches their left hand over their head then switches to stretch their right hand overhead.
a person stretches by crossing their arms over their body
a person walks down a ramp and to the right.
a person walks to the right.
a person walks in a diagonal motion to their right.
a person jogs forward and begins to slow down.
a person walks at a medium pace, diagnally towards the camera
a person walks straight forward down steps.
a person hurts their right ankle while walking and grabs it.
a person slowly walked forward and hit the right leg on something
the person walks and sit on the ground and get up again and walk off again
a person takes steps forward while quickly turning to the side as if startled.
walking forward while turning side to side.
a man suddenly turns to the left.
a man walks forward 4 steps and stops.
a man walks forward starting with his right leg and stops after five steps.
a man walks forward in a curved line.
a person is walking forward and comes to a stop.
a person moves his weight to his toes, bends forward, and walks forward on his toes.
a person bends down halfway, then walks forward.
person lifting an imaginary object from their left and placing it on the right.
a person picks something up to their left with both hands, places it upright, then places it back down.
a person picks something up, holds to to theor right, then pits ot down.
a person jogging left and then right
a man runs to the right before running to the left and then runs back to the right again before coming to a stop in the middle.
a person jogs back and forth.
person is walking like they are on a beam, arms out.
a man raises both their arm and walks forward.
the body wake gracefully with arms out straight.
a man walks forward, pauses briefly and then walks backward.
walking forward then back slowly.
a person walks several steps forward, then turns around and takes a few steps in the direction from which they came.
the person is walking around.
he does a punchkarate walk
a man crouches and punches the air with his left hand.
a person stands up from bending over, shakes out their left hand, walks diagonally forward and to the right, then turns around clockwise and runs back towards their starting position.
a person picks someting up before walking diagnolally, before turning around and joging to their orginal position
person is shaking it off and walking forward.
person does four star jumps legs outwards and arms from hips to above head
a figure jumps up in place, raising both arms as they hit the peak of the jump.
a person does jumping jacks
a man grabs his right leg with right hand and extends left arm into an akward stretch
a person is doing the cheerleader scorpion pose.
person raises right leg to hip and uses their right hand to grab right foot and hold
a person walks to the left, walks to the right, and walks back to the left.
person is walking back and forth.
robot is moving from from right to left and then stopped at center.
a stick figure stands still, and then raises their arms halfway to the middle of their shoulders in a t pose, then lowers their arms to their sides.
knees sightly bent out with both arms go above the head and back down, pausing and does it again.
a person is standing, raising both their arms up to shoulder height, then back down by their sides.
person lifts both hands up and then down, then kneels with the left leg first helping himself with the right hand and then the right leg
character raises arms out to the side. then reaches down with left hand and kneels on left knee and then both knees.
a person kneeling down and holding something infront of them, similar to a pew on a church.
a man moves his left arm in front of him.
a person starts with his arm spread wide he brings his arms down he lufts his left arm stretches it over to the right shoulder then brings it up to his head then holds it straight in front of him him returns holis arm down along his side
a person makes right to left, top to bottom, and front to back wiping motions in front of them with their left hand.
a individual is standing with both arms extended before bringing them to their waste, taking a couple steps forward before bring their hands up as to grab the handle bars of a bike.
a person rotates to their right and moves forward, putting their hadns up as if to grab and operate a shopping cart.
the person was walking forward to greet someone.
a person is in a fighting stance with their legs spread and fists raised. they hop forward and kick out with their left foot before returning to their original position.
a man stands with his feet shoulder width apart when he slides his right foot along the ground as he kicks his left foot forward at waist height.
a person with their arms bent kicks to side with their left foot.
a person steps to the right and sits down, then stands back up and moves back.
the person steps backward, sits in a chair and then stands up
someone is sitting down on a large throne and then getting back up
the sim walks in a figure 8 formation.
a person walks in a figure of eight to the left.
the person is walking in a circle.
a person kneels down with left hand
a person raises both arms to a t-shape then lets both arms relax. the person then kneels down using their left hand for support.
person raises hands upwards, then lower them back down and squats on the floor. seems like they're doing some type of physical activity
a person turns and crouches, as if sitting in a chair, then gets up and walks forward a few steps.
person turns to side then sits in chair then gets out of chair and walks forward
a standing person makes a 1/4 turn to his right. then steps backwards and sets into a chair, leaning back into it. he then gets up and returns to his original position
the person walks around and went over an unseen object
a person takes two steps up, then a step down.
a man climbs down from upstairs, climbs again a stair in a clockwise square, and then walks down facing north.
a person kicks something behind them.
a person kicks backwards with right leg.
a man kicks his right foot forward, retracts it, and returns to his original position.
a person taking 2 steps forward to lean on a table, checks under the table, and finally returns to original spot.
a person bends over and walks back.
a person takes a step forward, then bends over while trying to reach something underneath him
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person throwing something at shoulder height.
a person swats the air with one hand.
moves his right hand from pelvic area to head then waves.
a person taking off his shirt with his right hand.
a man raises his right arm from waist up to above shoulder.
a man jumps three times, going higher each time.
a man jumps three times gradually increasing intensity, reaching greater height after each jump.
a man jumps in three different heights bending his arms and legs more and more with each jump.
a person lifts dumbbells with both arms to their chest.
the person pumps their arms while the are held to a 90 degree position to their chest.
a person stand, with feet apart. the person move hands overhead so upper arms are parallel and begin to push up until arms are fully extended above head..
a man steps forward, then picks something up with his right hand, then with his right hand, brings them close together, and sets them back down in the same order.
a person walking, picking up 2 things and then pouring both
the person is double pouring and mixing some thing.
person moves forward four steps lifts right hand and waves then steps back one  pivots on right foot and moves forward back
a person walks forward, knocks on a door with his open right hand, and then turns and walks away
a person walks up to a door and knocks on it with their right hand.
character lowers left hand then waves right hand in the air.
a person brings his right hand to his face.
a person raises an object up and looks up at it.
he picks up a bowl and eats from it.
person is squatting, moves hands from being held up to the knees and then back to holding them up.
a man is crouching and malipulating something in front of him.
person gets down on the floor and crawls across the room. then stands up and walks back.
a person bends down and crawls, turns and then gets up and walks back to where he started.
a person bends down and crawls. they then stand back up and walk back to where they started.
a person limps around the floor, waving their arms to keep balance.
a person staggers back and forth almost losing their balance.
a person walks around really limply.
he puts his hands together, winds up with right arm behind him and throws his arm forward as if he is throeung a ball.
a person acting traumatic throwing his right hand.
a person is ready to throw something, then leans forward on their left foot and throws the object with their right hand, stumbling in the process.
a person stumbles around the floor randomly, swaying and nearly falling.
a person stumbles forward walking in a zig zag pattern.
a man walks stagering to the right and then to the left.
the stick figure is working out by squating.
a person is doing a squat.
a person is standing and then squats down.
a man lowers his arms, then looks to his left and right, then moves his head in a circle.
the man starts with both arms lifted to the sides then puts them down.  he then looks side to side multiple times.
a man drops his hands from shoulder height and then rolls his neck
person puts his arms down to his side and moves them in a circle motion then puts his arms back up
person is doing hand circles in front of them
a person raises their arms, lowers them, then moves their arms in a circle
a person bends over, picks up a heavy object, and then sets it down in a new spot.
a man leans forward and takes a lifting action to place a heavy object somewhere.
this person is slowly acting as if to lift something.
a person uses both hands in a pounding motion four times while moving backwards, he skips forward again and turns to thr right side.
a peron grabbed something with both hands and start to hit with it
a person is using a sparring stick walking backwards then attacks forward and takes a rest.
person is waving hi.
a person raises their right hand to their head then lowers it
moving the right hand towards the side of the head.
a person squats down then jumps
the person is jumping in place.
a man uses both his arms to hoist himself and jump, and then lands back down
a person appears to throw something with his right hand then starts to move backwards
man pitches a ball with right hand, while raising right leg and standing on left leg only
standing on his left foot a person holds something in his hands and lifts his right foot, throws item and walks backwards.
a person is walking forward and bending to the left.
person steps in a back right position to a front left position
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
a man moves his hands towards his face then grabs something in front of him.
a person raises their arms up as if they are setting something on a wall.
a person who seems to hammer a nail to the wall then hang a picture
a person drinks from cup in right hand.
a person is drinking water from a bottle using their right hand
a person drinks something with his right hand.
a man walks straight down
a person walks forward then stops
the man paused briefly, and then began walking forward starting with his left leg.
a person strums a guitar.
person strumming an imaginary guitar using their right hand.
a person strums a guitar with his right arm.
a figure side steps first to the left and then all the way to the right before ending back in the centre
a person, with their hands by their sides, sidesteps to the left, then to the right and then back to the left again.
a person shuffles to the left, then shuffles to the right, then shuffles to the left returning to the original position.
person does a slow side jump right to left
a person is hopping to the left sideways.
a person jumps to the right.
person walks straight back leading with left leg
a man walks backwards and then stops.
a person slowly walks backward in a straight line.
a man stands on the ground and lifts his right hand for a moment above the shoulder and then puts it down.
a person raises his right hand to his head and then lowers it back to his side.
the person raises his right arm like a u-shape twice and then raise a little bit in a shoulder level but in bend position then stop.
a person puts their arms out on something in front of them
the person is moving or carrying something.
a person is grabbing someone's shoulders and slightly shaking them, waving their hand in their face.
a person tred to stay on hands vertically
the person does a handstand and falls back down.
a person seems to fall then does a handstand on both hands, takes a few steps back, then leans forward and places their right hand on the ground.
a figure waves with its left arm near shoulder height. the figure gestures slightly with both arms, seemingly hesitant.
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their left arm.
a person raise his left hand twice then he raise right hand in the same time .
a person doing questionable motions with both hands
a man with elbows bent wiggles and sways from side to side.
a person with knees slightly bent is raising their elbows to the sides and with both hands close together sways from left to right.
moving hands in and out.
the man is pretending to swim
moving the hands link swimming.
the right arm extends like a boxing hook.
this person was punching upward towards the left
a person standing leans body to the right while swinging right arm back, forward, then up.
a person doing a roundhouse kick with the left leg.
the man did a karate kick forward.
the person karate kicks with their left leg
the person is using both of their hands to empasize on what they are saying.
a person leans slightly to each side while moving one hand, and rotating to the other hand.
a person who is writing something
a person jumps into the air and throws their hands up.
jumps in place with both legs up then raises hands above head then repeats it
person jumps up raising arms above head twice
the girl skips slowly down the hall towards the kitchen.
person side steps with right leg  few steps then back again
a man side steps to the right before stepping to the left.
a man steps forward in a zig-zagged pattern.
a person takes big steps while moving forward
the person is walking on steppingstones forward.
a person slowly saunters, keeping their balance by repeatedly placing their left hand upon a surface.
a person walks forward while leaning on something for support
a person walks forward while gripping a railing in their left hand.
a man walks forward, makes a half-turn to the right, and walks forward again
person walks two steps forward then does a full turn
a person walks straight spins to the right then walks back
a person reaches down to pick something up with left hand and stumbles.
a man tries to stand on one foot but stumbles.
the person standing with their legs crossed trying to balance.
a man walks a few steps, turns around walks back, turns around again.
this person walks as if pacing the floor nervously, first, forward 4 steps at a slight angle then turns a half turn to the left, then crosses the space and turns a half turn right, then walks to the middle where they started and steps back slightly while turning to the left, or one quarter turn left from where they started.
person walks to the end of the area and then back and forward only half way.
a person moves his hands.
a person brings two hands together with right hand coming in from upper direction and left hand coming from bottom direction, meeting in the middle.
a man lowers his arms then brings his hands together, touching finger tips twice.
person is walking down.
speed walking forward with a few steps.
a stick figure with no head walks forward with arms swinging, then stops.
a person waving at someone.
a person is waving hello
a person lifts his right uand and waves
the person is doing a hand gesture with his right arm.
a person holds their right hand to their head and gestures with it.
a person keeps putting his right hand by his face then putting it down again
a person bends over and touches something with his right hand.
a person touches ground with right hand.
the legs takes a slight kneel while the right hand touches the ground.
person stands forward with both hands on hips then raises both arms shoulder height
a person stands with feet apart, knees slightly bent and hands on thighs, and then spreads arms straight out from shoulders.
a person tands with theor leags apart while hunced foward a bit spreads their arms.
a person has his hands spread out.
a person stands for several seconds with their hands on their hips, then stretches both arms straight out to the sides.
a person with their knees slightly bent places both of their hands on their thighs.
a person has their guard up during boxing
a person punches with left hand.
a person swings their left arm like it is holding a tennis racket.
she moves her right hand up, bending at the elbow, twice.
a man standing still raises his right arm, he does this at his elbow in a motion to bring his hand to his face
a person bends their right elbow, lifting their right forearm up and down.
starting form a standstill, a person saunters forward.
person is walking down the side of a wall.
as the human figure starts walking, a crack in the ground appears as he walks simultaniously
a man bends his knees, jumps and lands back on his feet.
someone pushes himself to make a jump
a person jumps high into the air.
a man stands with his elbows bent and makes up and down emotions with his left arm.
the boy moves his arms in a circle above his head rapidly.
person lifts something with left hand arm bent and stays shoulder height then lifts from their above head
the person appears to be moving something with both hands.
a person lifts something from the right and places it to the left.
a person lifts something with both hands and moves it towards their right side then sets it down
someone is walking over a beam
the person is walking forward arms up.
the person walks with both arms in the air.
a person jumps with their arms extended to the side.
a man jumps with both his arms raised.
someone leaps into the air with arms spread wide, as though they mean to click their heels.
a person raises their hand and then lowers it
a man stands upright while arcing his right arm in front of his body.
the man takes off his shirt
someone raises their arms, spreads their legs and clasps their hands
a person stands still, lifts something with both hands then crosses fingers in front of their chest.
the sim is standing still, appearing to clutch both hands in front of their torso.
a person is putting both hands to the chest and having their right around go in circles clockwise and their left arm go counterclockwise in circles.
a person has their arms out to their sides, then puts their arms in front of them and moves their left arm in counter-clockwise motion while their right arm moves in a clockwise-motion
a man moves his arms in a circular motion.
person walking down stairs while using handrail.
the person walks down steps holdind onto the rail .
headless person gradually holds on to a rail with his right hand, walks normally down 5 steps, then just fully stands on last step.
the person raises arms overhead and then kicks alternating legs back while moving backwards.
a person dodges hits from attacker.
the man is moving backwards left and right
the person picked up some thing and put it to the right.
someone grabs something and moves it from left to right.
a person acts as if they are picking an object up and placing it somewhere else.
a person sits down then uses left arm to push up.
a person sat down on the floor, with crossing legs, and after stand up
a person sits down on the ground in lotus position then gets back up.
a man walks forward before stopping.
the person is walking down a slope.
the person walks forward a few steps and swings there arms slightly back and forth while walking.
the figure jumps twice while facing forward.
a person is standing and performs a hop on both legs maintaining the same overall start position. the person hops a second time with the momentum from the first hop. the arms stay at the person's side.
a person jumps up and down.
a person jumping into a clockwise air spin.
a person jumps and spins around.
a person performs a jump spin move 360 degrees.
a man walks in a sinusoidal, side-winding path from right to left in two cycles.
a person walks in a zig-zag pattern starting with a slow left turn of about 180 degrees, followed by a slow right turn of about 180 degrees, and finishes with another slow left turn of 180 degrees
walks slowly in a s shaped pattern
a person does a jumping jack in place.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a man stands on the ground and starts doing star jumps with his hands going up and back to the middle.
a person walks up stairs with their right hand on something.
someone with difficulty trying to climb stairs
this figure looks to be walking up some type of stair
stick figure takes a step to the far left
a person takes a diagonal step to the right.
a person taking a strafing step diagonally to the right
a person who seems to be doing a dance move
the man lowers his arms leans forward and puts his arms behind him.
a man very slowly stretches his arms out.
someone walks forward and turns backward
a person walks forward and then turns to the left to turn around.
a man take several steps forward, pivots, and walks away.
a person steps their left leg forward and throws their arms downwards 3 times
person thrusts right leg forward in lunge three times  and extends upper body forward three times at same time
a person lunges forward while extending their arms out in front, three times in a row.
a person walks in a 90 degree arc counter-clockwise.
someone walks forward casually in a slight curve to their left.
casually walks a quarter of a counterclockwise circle.
a person has his legs spread and arms crossed.
a person crosses his arms, uncrosses his arms, and crosses his arms again while sitting.
a sitting person leans forward with their arms in their lap.
a man touches the top of his head with his left hand, extends it high, then bends his arm again to pat and rub his head, before extending and then bending it again.
the person cleans the top of the window
person keeps adjusting their hair
standing forward, a body turns slightly backwards to the right, reaches toward the ground with his right hand then back up to the face then back down to the ground, standing forward again.
a person standing up in one position rotates 90 degrees clockwise to pick something up with their right hand by bending over, then they consume it by bringing their right hand to their mouth, then they put the object back down, then they return to their original position.
person is i think picking up a phone oro object then walking away.
a person appears to lift weights witht bith hands, crocubing and then raising the weights above their head.
the body squats up and down.
the subject with arms raised squats almost touching the ground and then squats a second time not going as far down.
a person appears to be putting things together.
a man picks up several object with right hand.
a person pouring something with his right hand then mixing then doing the same thing with his left hand.
a person squats twice while holding a barbell over his head.
a person has both arms above their head with their elbows bent at a 90 degree angel and does two overhead lifts.
someone is holding both arms in the air and then squats.
a person who seems to clean a surface and then throw the dirt
a person sways their arm in front of them to gesture, then walks in an arc to grab something. after doing so they walk back to their original position.
moving arm side to side and walking forward.
the figure is jogging forward with purpose.
running forward at a fast pace.
a person is running forward, slightly curving to the left at the end.
this person appears to cough in his right hand then takes a drink of something.
the person places its left hand up as if to cover its mouth
a person blows a kiss, pauses for several moments, before making a drinking motion.
a person throws and object and then catches another object
a person throws with right hand and catches with both hands.
a person puts their right arm out infront of them and pushes. both arms are then held in a boxing pose, with fingers exposed.
someone kicking the leg out
a person does a high kick with their right leg
person kicks right leg out to side on  and lifts both arms slightly in a fighting posture
a person is making alternating circular motions with their hands, as if juggeling.
person is doing a juggling motion with arms.
a person twirls both hands in front of them like they are juggling.
a man faces the camera before dipping down and jumping straight up, turning counterclockwise in the air and landing facing the opposite direction.
a man jumps up and spins around.
a person jumps and spins in the air
a person stands still and then takes a few steps backward
a person stands in place and then turns around and faces something to the left side, behind them
a person does one squat with arms straight out in front.
a man performs a squat and raises both arms forward.
a person bends down at knees and brings both arms out extended in front of him and returns to standing position.
person stands and turns to right, then squats as if waiting to catch a ball.
a person turns, squats and clasps his hands together.
the person was doing a crouch pose.
a person waves with their right hand
a standing person waves, walks in a half circle before waving again.
person lifts right arm turns clockwise then puts right arm above head fully extended and waves
a man walks forward in an arc toward the left of the screen, then stops when he reaches the end of the platform.
a man walks in a slow curve to his right.
a man walks gradually forward while turning slightly to the right.
a person raises their arms and zombie walks forward.
a mummy faces forward holding his arms straight in front of him and starts wobbling back in forth to move.
a person raises both arms then staggers forward slowly with arms raised
person taking two steps before hesitating to step over object
person walks forward with slow and halting gait
a man walks forward slowly.
someone moving hand forward while standing
person takes right arm and stretches it in front of body
a man outstretches his right arm and the puts it back down.
a person dance with his hands together.
a person is clapping his hands.
someone claps and twist in a dancing motion.
a person bends their right elbow repeatedly, raising their hand.
a person lifts something with their right arm.
someone lifts heavy weight with their right hand using a slight bit of effort.
a person looks from side to side and then wipes quickly at their face.
a person raised the hands and scratched the face
a person stands with their elbows bent/ hands in front of the face, pivots body from left to right, then scratches head quickly with right hand.
a person quickly rubs their fingers together before lowering their arms and then raising their red arm to motion to somebody to stop.
the the person raises their arms slightly while sitting down
a person squats and then puts their hand up in a stop motion
a person swings their right foot as if kicking a ball and then raises arms as adjusting their pants around their waist.
a person kicks out with their right foot.
a person steps forward one time with their left foot, then kicks with their right foot upwards, then takes one step forward one time with their left foot, then kicks upwards with their right foot.
a person standing up waves with their right arm in a large motion.
a person waves with their right hand above their head.
robot is waving its right hand
a person runs down to our left, stops for a second, then continues to run.
a person is jogging then stops then starts to jog again.
a person runs, stops, then runs again.
a person walking steps forward and placing something down.
a person grabs a kitchen knife with his right hand and cuts a cucumber held in his right hand.
a person steps forward and bends to interact with an object with their right hand, they bring it toward their left hand, then return it.
a person is showing dancing moves
this person has his hands under his arms and flaps his elbows.
a man places his hands at his armpits, he then flaps his arms like a bird, then wiggles from side to side, then he slaps only the right arm, then flaps only his left arm.
a man has his forearms raised to protect himself, he then kicks forward with his left leg.
a person kicks left leg forward while hands are in a defensive pose.
person is kicking something.
the person lifts his left hand to his face.
a person reaches their left hand, touches their head, and then lowers the hand back down
person is scratching their nose.
a person walks forward, while supporting themselves with their right arm.
a man takes steps forward by using his right arm to grab on to something for support.
a person walks forward with support.
the person is sat down and their arms are shaking
a person appears to be driving something.
a person is squatting and starts to move their arms up and down, alternating between left and right
a person grasps something with both hands at the chest. then motions forward with one hand. they bring hands back down then again to the chest
a person raised the hands and starts grabbing something
the sim appears to be pointing outward, bring both hands to their mouth.
a stick figure casually walks in an s figure
a person walks to their right, walks backward, walks to their left, and then walks forward.
this person walks from left to right, stops and walks to the back then walks right.
the person move to the right and recovered from falling.
a person back up as if to avoid something.
a man takes a step to the left.
a person back up one step with both arms at their side
stepping backwards starting with left foot
a figure takes a step backward
a person moves slightly to his right and sits down.
the man sits down and tries to wash his legs
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides moves to his right and sits down.
a person stands with their arms out to their sides, drops them down and then holds them out in front of them, palms facing but not together and then drops them to their sides.
person puts arm down, then puts arms to chest
a person with arms extended to their sides lowers their arms and then lifts their arms slightly to the front of them for a moment before lowering them to the side.
a person is walking downhill
a person walks forward while grabbing onto things on either side of him
person is walking carefully with hands swinging
a man is randomly running in the diagonal direction
a person runs forward while completing a full spin.
person is making a basketball move
a person steps forward and then starts to dance.
a man dances salsa in a circular motion.
a person walks a random path and moves their hands erratically.
a person does an upper cut
a person is doing a boxing motion upwards
this person steps left and lifts both hands as if to hit something.
a person moves right arm forward to shoulder length and then brings it down, while the left arm moves slightly outwards and back.
man standing forward with right arm reaching forward.
a person lifts right arm straifht in front to chin level and back down.
a person jogs in place.
person stands still then jogs on the spot
a person jogs in place.
a person places their hands on their chest, elbows back and high, twitching their elbows back and appearing to laugh.
a figure makes chicken wing arms
person is doing the chicken motion
a person unscrews a bottle cap with right hand then begins to drink from bottle with left hand and then stops drinking.
a person raised the left hand
this person slowly raises his right arm then his left.
a person raises his left hand to his chest, holds it for a couple seconds, and puts his hand back down.
a person raises left hand to look at wrist two times
a man looking at the watch again and again
a person walks forward briskly a few steps and then stops.
a person walks a short distance at a quick pace.
a person walks straight forward at a fast pace.
a person slowly stumbles from side to side, with an s shaped route.
a person walks from one side to the other while leaning sideways.
a man walks forward , steps around something blocking his path, then continues forward at a normal gate.
a person raises their arms while walking forward, and then stops and lowers their arms.
a person is balancing on something.
a person raises their hands above their head, then begins walk to the end of the platform before lowering their hands again.
a person jogging in place
a person jogs forward slowly.
a person running on the spot
a man walks forward and side steps to his right and then continues forward. he side steps left and continues walking forward.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward stepping carefully.
a person grabbing something and giving it so someone
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides reaches for something with his right hand, starts walking forward while extending his hand forward, comes to a stop and lowers his hand.
person reaches for something with right hand and then moves forward.
the person is walking and turned right
a person walking and then taking a right turn
a person walks forward and then beers toward the right.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person throws a football for a long pass.
person brings both hands level with shoulders then extends right arm.
crouching then standing and walking forward.
a person gets up from squatting position and then squats again.
a squatting person stands up, shuffles their feet, and then returns to the squatting position.
a person runs forward with both arms swinging
a person moves chaotically with wide arms and legs.
a person faslty ran while dodging something
a person is squatting down with both arms up to his face
a person holds their hands to their head while sitting.
the person moves their hands up and down in unison while sitting/crouching.
a person claps their hands in front of them, drops them, then repeats.
a person is claps in 3 different ways.
person claps hands, lowers arms and raises them to clap again, lowers arms, but only slightly raises them to clap a third time.
a person is pacing from left to right as if there is something troubling them.
a person walks from the middle to one side then starts to turn around to walk to the other side until they reach it and turn back around to walk down to the other side one last time again passing through the middle and then turning around to stop.
a person walks towards their left, and then back to the right in a straight line path, and repeats this motion
the person runs forward in a straight line.
a man walks forward, kicking his legs behind him.
a person moves one step forward slowly and then 5 quicker and longer steps forward.
a person walks in a curve to their right and stops at about 90deg from start position.
a person drifts to their right while walking.
a man turns slightly to his right and takes a few steps forward.
a person throwing an object ( a ball) in a pitching stance using the right arm.
a person grabbing something in front of them, swinging it around to the side then throwing it overhead
the figure takes a step back with the hind leg and places one fist in the other fist while swinging both fists to the right of their body. the figure draws back the right arm and flins it forward as if to throw something.
a person falls to their right.
the person is walking over a steppingstone.
a person steps sideways to the right.
person is doing a squat
a person squats down and lifts their arms to their shoulder height.
the person is doing squats.
he runs over then stops
person runs and umps over something
a person walks forward but slowly curves towards the left as they are walking and then stops.
person squats down into the crouch position.
a person sits down quickly.
a person shakes as they begin to squat on both feet.
a person is walking up something then turns around and walks back down.
a figure climbing up stairs and climbing back down them
a person walks up several steps while holding a handrail with their right hand, and then they turn around and walk back down.
a person picks up something with both hands that is knee high and to his left, and then he tilts it to his right and finally puts it back in place.
a person grabbed something with both hands an put it down
the person was tilting to the right side.
a person walks forward with a quick step at the end.
the sim walks a few steps down the plane.
the person was pushed forward.
a person is walking and steps over a large gap
a person walks foward and steps over a gap leading with the right foot.
a person considers their step then walks forward.
a person swings a left hook punch.
a person punches upwards with left hand.
a person throws an uppercut punch with their left arm.
person bends elbows so the hands are in front of the face, then drops the right arm and leaves the left up.
a person brings both hands up to their face, then holds their left hand to their ear.
the person brought both of his hands together doing something with an object.
the person bends forward, puts hands in front of face, then turns right, then left
a person is shouting with their hands up to their mouth
a person draws their hands in towards their face and sways right, left and right again.
person walking very slowly towards something
a person walks forward.
a man walks forwards slowly for a few steps, allowing his arms to dangle loosely by his side, then stops.
a person quickly spins all the way around, pivoting on their right foot, and then sprints forward.
man runs down and to the right while spinning along the linear trajectory in a clockwise circle.
a person climbs up something, turns around and climbs back down.
going upward link on the step and after wards get downward on the step.
walking up stairs then down.
the person sits on the floor, then gets up and walks in a counterclockwise half circle, and then goes back.
a person holds something to their head with their left hand while walking in a circle.
a seated person dials a number on a phone, paces while they talk on the phone, then hang up the phone.
leaning side to side with hands near chest.
a person struggles to hold a heavy object before dropping it.
person is standing while flexing their arms in front of them, then lifts arms to side and flexes them
person slightly leans forward and appears to be holding chest and neck.
a person is holding his throat and chest, leaning forward slightly.
a person steps forward with their arms raised in front of them as if they were cowering.
a person walks carefully on a rope and uses their hands against a wall to find balance.
a person walks straight forward, one foot in front of the other, while holding on to railing
a person carefully walks on a straight line with balance.
person walks forward, leans down with left hand on left knee and right hand stretching forward.
a person leans on their left knee and puts their right hand up.
a person walks forward and then reaches to grab something over a table infront of them
a person sits down, then gets back up.
a figure sits down indian style.
a person sits down indian style and then sits up again.
a man walks backwards slowly
a figure takes big steps backward
person walks backward in a careful manner
figure appears to be walking in a counter clockwise motion
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
aman walks in a circle.
the person is doing jumping jacks
a person jumps up and spreads his arms and legs three times in a row.
a man does jumping jacks
walking in a random pattern.
a person walks forward then does a backwards z-shape movement to its right side. then back to the left.
a person walks forward and is pushed violently from left side and recovers balance.
a person is crwoched down with their knees bent, puts their right arm up and down three times.
person he’s eating with his right finger.
a worker sits at a circuit board.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
the person walks forwards towards their left and stands.
he bend to his left
someone takes several steps from right to left, then side steps halfway back to the right.
a person walks sideways to the left, and then back to right
a person is side stepping to the left and then to the right
walking side to side.
a person grapevines to the left, turns, and then steps back to their starting position.
someone walks from the right side turning to the left
person opens something and takes a drink.
a person pick up  bottle/can  open and drink from left hand.
a person opens and drinks from a container of sorts
a man holds something in his left hand and manipulates it with his right hand.
a person dials something on their phone, then raises the phone to their ear.
someone repeatedly presses their hands close to each other, then raises their left hand to their head.
the man walks forward is a imperfect circle while in a hunched position.
a person starts with his right hand up near his chin, and drops his arm as he walks in a wobbly clockwise circle.
someone in  walking in circle in a bent position.
the person sits down in a slow and twitching manner
the person quickly moves their arm while sitting down
the person is brushing his leg off and sat down.
person walking on uneven terrain by stepping up turning left thestepping down
a person climbs up and down an object while walking across it.
a person walks down large stairs, turns left then steps up.
a person walks on to something, leans forwards and walks off the object.
a person cautiously walks forward while looking off to his left.
a man very slowly walks forward with arms loosely at his side.
a person sidesteps to their left.
a man steps into his shoes with his left foot then his right
a person climbs a step while walking.
man lightly jumps from one side to the other
a person continually jumps from one foot to the other.
the person hops back and forth on each foot and moves their hands around.
a person walks forward slowly.
walking forward then stopping.
a person walks forward then right leg slides forward and continue walking.
the man raises both of his hands above his head while shaking his hips back and forth.
a person lifts both arms and shakes their hips quickly.
a person lifts their hands up and shakes their hips
a person walks with both feet pointed inwards.
a man turns and walks away, leaving a trail behind him.
a person turns around and walks forward from a standing position.
a figure walks forward lightly kicking one foot out
a person walks while swinging his arms.
the man is marching like a soldier
a person lowers its arms and crosses its hands 2 times.
a person lowers their arms and then proceeds to spread something with their hands.
the person is doing a lot arm lifts.
the person is doing the salsa dance.
a person is dancing in a circle.
a character shuffles towards camera and proceeds to dances around  in a clockwise circle.
a man walks towards the right.
a person walks curved to their left.
a person using their left hand to wipe something.
person is wiping off a table
a standing person putting their left hand forward and moving it clockwise
a person picks up an object with both hands and carefully places it on a pedestal then returns to get another piece.
person opens drawer, takes something out, and then puts it back in
a person picks something up and then puts it back down
a person sneaking down the hallway trying not to wake anyone.
the person is walking like they are scared.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person takes a step then moves their right hand to the left side in a grabbing motion, and then takes a step lower.
the man is moving his arms
slowly moves right hand from left side of body to right
a man walks from side to side and turn round and walks to his place.
he slowly back and forth.
stick figure takes five steps forward before turning around and going five steps back thr other way
walking forward and then to the side.
a person walks to the left side.
person is walking and veering left
a person walks in a forward motion
the person calmly walks forward
the persons is walking forward.
a person is sitting and picks up something with his right hand and moves it to his face and repeats this.
a person is struggling to lift a right arm multiple times.
a person doing something while sitting and raised the right hand , while leaned it to face
a person lifts heavy weights with both arms.
a person with a red left side and blue right side squats and raises arms
a person raises his arms, takes a crouching position and raises his arms above his head two times.
a person runs fast in a curved line
a person runs quickly forward, curving towards their left.
a man is leaning forward oh, looking like he's going to throw something with his right arm, but he seems very unbalanced like he's going to fall.
a person reels back and throws something with their right hand hard.
a person throws a pitch by faking and then throwing it using their right hand.
a man runs forwards slowly, jumps, and then runs forwards again.
a person jogs diagnolally, stops and then jumps, before continuing to jog
the person is walking and jumped.
the person is standing up and then suddenly loose balance to their right side. they catch themselves and look to their top left in "confusion"
a person standing is pushed to the right and they step their right foot out to brace themselves.
person stands still then stumbles to right hand side with there right leg
the man walks and bounces a ball.
a person walks forward whilst bouncing something in their right hand against the floor then spins in a circle
a person bounces a ball and walks forward, then spins in a circle, and then continues walking forward
a person grabbed something and put it down
moving hands from side to side.
the person bend towards right side and left side move his hands together with his body then stop.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides brings his arms together at shoulder height and points his hands to his left, then returns his arms to his sides.
a person with the help of the left arm stretches the right arm
a man putting his right arm over his left arm and stretching in a twisting motion to the left.
a person hunches over, curls both arms, and looks around anxiously.
this person simulates a happy dog.
moving hands around while bending down.
a person unscrews a jar-like object.
a person uses a screw with right hand.
a person appears to unscrew the lip from from a jar, using their left hand to hold it, and turning with the right.
a person sits down on the ground then stands back up
a person standing, sits down crosslegged, pauses, stands up, and then looks back.
a person sits down, then gets back up.
this person moves his left arm as if to wipe a surface.
the man swirls something in front of him with his left hand.
a person makes a clockwise wiping pattern with their left arm and hand, as if they were wiping a table or counter.
a person saunters towards the screen.
a person slowly walks forwards, swaying side to side slightly
a person slowly walked forward
a person is swinging around his arms.
stick figure is waving its arms in a motion like it is conducting an orchresta
it looks like a person is conducting a band and then slaps something with his right hand at the end.
the person starts running quickly
he ran diagonally toward the right.
a man jogs forward, holding something at chest level in both hands.
a figure does jumping jacks
the man is doing star jumps
a couch instructs students to perform jumping jacks during gym class.
person walks in a circle clockwise.
she slowly walked in a clockwise circle.
person is walking in a circle
a person that is jogging in place.
person is running in place
a person is jogging forward, their arms bounce as they jog.
person appears to be holding some thing with both hands and then throws it forward with their right hand.
a man clasps object with both hands and then throws it with his right hand.
the person is throwing hard.
a person is eating something.
a person is sitting down eating something or touching their face.
a person hands go together in front of the face and makes small back and forth and left and right motions.
a person punches upwards with left hand.
person throws upper-cut punch with left hand
a person raises both their arms.
the person jumped up and down one time.
a person jumps up one time.
a figure jumps in place a single time.
a man walks forward with his arms down stiffly at his sides.
a person walks forward slowly with large steps
a person walks forward a few steps
the person was leaning forward to keeping in a window.
a man stands arms at his side jumps up and down 5 times on both feet slowly.
hops up and down in place w/ hands on side.
a person hops up and down.
a person walks bending towards his left
a person walks forward and to the left before coming to a stop.
moving left side on the floor.
a figure stands still for awhile then walks slowly forward, jumping once like they're getting ready to race
a person walk forward and then jump.
a person slowly walked forward
an individual sets something up before slapping it repeatedly and then jogs away.
a man picks something up and the moves his arm in front of him before running forward.
the sim steps forwards using their right hand to make a swatting motion, walking forward and taking a hop in the same direction.
the person is pulling out a gun.
a person reaches for something near its hips, brings it towards their face, than brings it back down.
moving arms side to side near face.
person person is walking and looking down.
a person slowly walks in a circular motion
a person walks sadly, looking at their feet.
person jumps up in the air
a man performs one quick jump into the air and lands on his feet.
a person jumps forward once.
a man is standing with hands on thighs and then raises his arms out to his sides.
a person has his arms on his thighs.
a person stands with their hands on thighs then outstretches arms to their sides.
a person crosses his arms and scratches his right elbow with his left hand.
a person crosses their arms in front of their body as if holding a pet then scratches the pet they are holding.
a person crosses his arms across his chest, holds his right elbow with his left hand, waves his left hand and and then drops his hands down to his sides.
the person is standing and crossing his arms then uncross them.
a person crosses his arms across his chest and then lowers his arms to his sides.
a person crosses their arms, left over right
a man walks forward and then walks back in the opposite direction.
a person walks forward, turns around, walks forward and turns around to return to their original spot.
a person walks in an awkward circle
a person moves each shoulder up and down rapidly in opposite directions, with their arms slightly outstretched.
a person leans little forward and shakes his shoulders
a person slightly extends their arms and shakes their shoulders.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks counter-clockwise in an oval shaped pattern
a person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a person sitting or squatting down and waving his/her right hand to someone/something
a person is crouching down and then waves
a person is sitting with their hands on their knees, they raise their right arm, rub both hands together, then put their hands back on their knees.
jumping up in place.
a person jumps into the air and does a 180.
a person jumps and spin in the air.
the person slides to their right 3 times, slides to their left 4 times, and slides to their left 2 times, ending at their original position.
a person moved in right direction and in the left direction
a person shuffles to their right, then shuffles back to their left, then shuffles to their original position, all without crossing their legs.
a person walked i left and right direction
a person paces to the left then the right , and left again to return to start position.
a person walks back and forth
a person is walking forward slowly holding onto something
a person slowly walks forward while holding onto a railing with their arms.
person appears to walk forward slowly with both hands holding something on either side.
a person running then quickly taking a step to their left.
person runs forward and side steps left once
figure appears to be avoiding an object while running
a person steps sideways, crossing one foot behind the other, kicks their right foot up while swinging their left arm out, then returns to where they started.
person walks to the left and does a high kick
the person was walking sideways kicking.
a person walks forward slowly.
person walks forward towards the edge of the grey platform
a person walks forward slowly.
a person with his left hand elevated raises his left hand twice in a lifting motion.
while standing still, a person raises their left arm twice.
a person is standing still while using their hands to describe something.
the person is drinking a bottle from his left hand.
character is still in place raising both hands then lowing to the chest level.
the hands go towards the face, then the right hand goes to the armpit in scrubbing motion.
the sim is standing with both arms & hands folded in front of their jaw moving from left to right.
a person with arms at their chest does a brief squat then looks to the left and right
this person has hands out front with elbows bent and looks around.
the person is walking on a treadmill.
man walks forward leading with left foot and ending with left foot in front.
a person slowly walked forward on the place
person kneels down and steadies them self down with their right hand
a person kneels down on the ground.
a person knees down with their right hand and gets on both knees.
a person walks forward and kicks their leg out while turning around.
a person wakls  forward, then turns on his left foot and goes back
a person walks forward, turns around then walks back.
a man is crawling on his hands and knees slowly and gets back up
a person walks to the left ,knees down and crawls to the right and stands back up.
a person walks two steps left, kneels down on all fours, crawls to the right, stands up and walks back to their initial position.
move the hands and band the legs and do like a exerises.
the person is doing squats in the video.
person squats down with arms lifted and bent slightly.
a person grabs something with their right hand.
the person is transferring some thing on his leg.
moving arms side to side.
a person walks backwards, turns around toward his left and then walks away.
person walks backward, then turns around and walks normally
person walks backwards unbalanced and then does a 180 and walks in a straight line.
a person walks forward, curving to their left while doing so
a person starts to walk slowly forward and then heads toward the right
a person walks forward and diagonally to their left.
a person catches something with both hands.
the person is casting something.
a person standing still, raises their arms very slightly.
person walks forward slightly, then touches where their head would be.
a person walks to the side, puts their right arm up to shield their face, turns to their right and puts their hand up again.
a person is lost or missing something and trying to search for it.
a person raises their right hand then sets it back down.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a man raises his right arm up over his head, then lowers it to his side.
a person holds an item in their right hand to their face , they turn to the left before stumbling a few steps back
a person touches their nose with their right hand.
a person is filming with one hand.
a person raised theleft hand and start stretch
person is doing a body warm up with raising his left arm over his head.
a figure raises their left arm high in the air and arches their back slightly. their right arm is bend slightly at their hip.
the person is doing the lambada dance.
a person dances with an unseen partner while slowly moving forward.
this person appears to be dancing.
a person takes a long drink using both hands.
a person uses both hands to take a drink out of a massive invisible container.
the person slowly lifts their hands above their head, then lowers them back down with their head.
the man lifts something with his right hand.
a figure moves their body slightly.
a figure trembles slightly and is maybe an elderly person, gesturing with their right hand at someone else
a person does a squat while slightly raising hands
a person repeatedly bends their knees, keeping their hands at head height.
a person bends while lifting weights and then stands back up.
a person picking up a item and about to place it down
a person reaches to his left, picks something up, tilts the object, and then returns it to its original position.
person reach down to left and picks up container with both hands. container is raised and turned to right as if emptying out.
a person is pushed forward while standing.
the person was pushed forward.
person appears to be pushed forward.
a person turns a steering wheel to the left.
both arms are being used to turn the wheel; left arm is moving up and to the right, while the right arm is moving down and to the left.
person sitting and raises right hand
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person takes four, fast steps forward.
a man pats himself on the head
a person raises right hand, waves with hand, and then places the hand back at side.
a person reaches up above his head with his right hand, makes a scratching motion with his right hand and then lowers his arm to his side.
a seated person uses both hands and rotates them in a clockwise and counterclockwise direction, back and forth.
a person is seated in a driving position while turning a steering wheel.
a person is turning the steering wheel with his both hands and also pressing accelerator and brakes with his legs
the person is cleaning windows.
a person wildly flails their arms about in a circular motion.
a person stands upright and rotates their shoulders forward and backwards, then bends at the elbows and rotates both wrists clockwise and counter-clockwise
the man is making gestures
a person jiggles their knees.
a person stands still, moves very slightly to the right.
cowering while crouching down.
a person sitting dials a phone and then talks on it by raising their left hand.
a seated person begins to swivle left and right
a man reaches out with his right hand and moves it in a circular motion in front of his body
the sim is standing still, making the stirring motion with their right arm & hand.
the person stirs with the right hand.
a person leans down to place something on the ground, and then stands back upright.
a person bends over to stretch their right leg.
a person bends over and reaches to the ground with his right hand to look for an item then stands back up in a neutral position with nothing in their hand.
a person takes a small jump forward with their arms stationed at their side.
the man uses his legs to jump a small distance forward then stops.
a person is hopping forward.
the person who’s drying the front of their body.
person picks something up with right hand to adjust something.
a person grabbed something with right hand and put it somewhere
person steps onto the left leg and straightens left arm into the air
a person punches with an upper cut with left hand
this person reaches with the right arm above the head then with the left.
a person holds something to their right ear and then brings it down while they straddle something.
person is standing with their hands at waist level and their head bent. they then raise their hand to their face as if they are looking for something before  lowering their hand back to their waist and standing straight
a person is acting like a cat, touching is head with his right hand
the person stretching his arms up high.
a person stretches his hands over his head then brings his hands back down to his sides.
a person reaches their arms upwards
a person puts their left hand up to their right shoulder, then puts their right hand up to their left shoulder.
person standing still reaches up and touches their right shoulder twice, then switches hands and touches left shoulder.
a person lifts their left hand up near their face, then lowers it back to their side, and then lifts their right hand up near their face.
a man standing on a table.
a person is walking forward from one end to the other while leaning a bit sideways.
a man walks forward, takes a big stride with his left foot and then continues to walk forward.
a person lifts both arms above their head, then moves them forward quickly.
someone has both hands over their head and moves them in a throwing motion
he throws both hands
a person lowers their arms to their sides, then stretches them out straight in front of them and parallel to the ground before returning them to their sides.
the person standing with his arms out wide and then calls them into chest.
a man stretches his arms out to the side shoulder length, then brings them in front of him with elbow slightly bent.
taking small steps one foot in front of the other.
someone walking up or down steps grabbing and hand rail
a person walks down a beam with their left hand on a rail.
a man stirs something anti-clock wise with his left hand.
a person raises their left hand and moves it in horizontal anticlockwise circles
a person stirs something in a bowl with their left hand
this person has both arms extended to his sides then drops his left arm.
the man dropped his left arm.
a person sits down with their right arm resting at shoulder level on a bench/couch.
a person slowly walked forward and left direction
a man takes a couple steps forward, staggers suddenly to his left, then resumes walking back to the course he was originally on.
a person walks forward, then is pushed to their left and then returns to walking in the line they were.
a person stretches to their left, stretches down then interlaces their fingers and stretches upwards.
a person raised the hands and start warm up
the person is stretching their body.
a man brings an object to his head with his right hand.
a person looks around after holding their right hand up to their head.
a person raises their right hand to their ear, secretively.
a person is walking forward.
this person walks slowly forward and stops.
the person is walking forward slowly.
moving to the side and bending.
a figure staggers to the left and regains footing
a person appears to be pushed and falls to their right.
he looks to be standing upright & just shaking his hands, grasped together, back and forth.
the person is praying in buddhism.
a person grabbed the both hands and showed some jesture
the person sits down with their legs crossed
a person sits cross-legged and stands up.
person tries to sit with legs crossed but fails
the person is running around in a circle.
this person briskly walks in circles twice.
a person walks in a counterclockwise oval to their original position and then proceeds to walk in a much smaller counterclockwise circle
stick figure jumping to a position with the legs spread wide and the hands going overhead, then returning to a position with the feet together and the arms at the sides otherwise known as a jumping jack
a persons does jumping jacks
a person who is standing with his hands to his sides does three jumping jacks, then steps his right foot to the right and resumes standing with his hands by his sides.
a person claps his hands in front of his chest.
stick figure is making a clapping motion
a person slowly claps sarcastically
the man appear to be sitting and turning his hands as if he were driving
someone is steering a vehicle.
a person is sitting down, while slightly moving its arms.
the person is making hand gestures bending its red wrist.
a person raises their right hand and waves off applause then they cover their face in embarrassment waving off more people.
the man is making gestures
the man uses the back side of his left hands to perform a smacking motion in front of him.
a person hit something with left hand
moving from side to side.
a person runs forward quickly, stops on their left foot, then runs in a different direction.
a person starts at top right, runs towards the center bottom and then back towards the top left.
a man runs forwards diagonally and then pivots ninety degrees and runs
squatting down one time.
a person sat on something
a person does a squat with both hands to their side
the stick model is walking up and down the stairs
a person walks up four steps, turns around, then walks back down them.
a person goes upstairs then downstairs
a man walks bow legged across the room, his left arm seems to pull him along an invisible counter.
a man walks forward with his left hand on a railing.
a person walks forward while supporting themselves with their left arm.
a person moves his hand in front of him in a horizontal, clockwise, circular motion.
person standing still while stirring clockwise with right hand
person is stirring something with right hand
a person jogs in place.
the person is jogging in place.
a person jogs in place.
the person kicks up their leg a couple of times
standing person raises their right leg forward twice
a man kicks his right leg and sets it back on the ground.
stick figure swimmming and dog pedaling
person has arms held out in a swimming motion
a man streching his arms.
a peraon walks forward, bows slightly, and waves with their left hand.the person then turns slightly to the left while continuing to wave and moves foward while waving.
walking forward and then waving arm.
the person stepped forward and valves then they lift their left arm and wave.
walking in a circular motion.
a person walking in a strange way and in a circular motion
a person walks in a circle but stays facing the same direction throughout.
a person swipes at something that is around their head.
a person swats at a bug in front of their face.
a person raised the right hand and did something
the person is squatted down as if it is working on something with it's hands.
the sim appears to be driving, holding the steering wheel.
a person squats as they shake their arms and hands in front of their head.
a person hollers around with their hands at their mouth.
a person holds both hands up to his face and then twists
the person is walking around with binoculars looking at stuff.
a person walks several steps forward.
beginning with the right foot, a person takes six steps forward and stops.
the driver waits at the door to deliver the pizza
stumbles forward with arms curled in close to the side and then the right hand goes up and down.
a person is carrying something and then opens a door.
a figure walks forward a few steps then walks backward then walks forward again
this person takes a couple of step forward then walks back to start again.
a person walks forward, backward and forward again.
a person walking then taking a huge step
a person takes two regular steps, then a longer one, then two more regular steps.
a person steps over a gap
a person takes a step forward with their left foot
walking diagonally then stopping.
a person taking a huge step with their left leg
a person walks in a three-quarter circle to their right all while checking to look back over their left should three times.
a person is walking around and looking around.
the person walk from side to side in a c shape.
stick figure leans back and forth before turning arounf
standing the same place and turn back and front.
the man is moving his body
a person wlowly walked forward
a person steps up, then walks foward.
a person takes 3 steps forward, slows a step, then continues walking forward.
a person jogs forward swinging arms.
a man jogs forward with elbows bent.
the person runs forward and a little to the right.
a person lowers his arms and then raises them to shoulder height
a man brings his arms down to his side, holds them there for a few moments, then extends them back out to shoulder height.
person is waving their arms and head in a small circle.
perso is keeping water out of their face while swimming .
a person raised the hands and start to make wave
the person uses their arms to sort through the pile of clothes
a person is pushed forward a step.
person standing stumbles two steps forward
a person falls forwards and then recovers
a person appears to be walking a tightrope starting by placing their right foot ahead of their left with arms outstretched at the sides to maintain balance.
with arms outstretched from side of the body, a person walks forward on a balance beam.
a person walks forward while holding their arms out to the side.
a person shaking arms back
a standing person shakes their left and right arms in equal motions several times.
a man stands are waves both hands back and forth in front of his body in a "no way" fashion.
the man leans forwards, hunched over, with his hands on his knees.
a person resting their hands on their thighs. then they touch their face.
the man sits and holds face in hands
person walks towards screen, then makes half circle to the right and stops.
a person walks forward, turns right, and then walks some more and stops.
a person walks forward, turns to their right, and begins to walk forward again.
standing in place with arms outstretched.
person appears to stand with hands apart and at shoulder height.
a man stands completely still.
a person with their arms raised starts to set it down.
the sim is standing with both hands up, they appear to stretch them towards the ceiling.
a person throws something upwards with both arms.
a person walks in a straight line.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four deliberate steps forward.
the person was walking straight forward.
a mother imitated being a teapot pouring out tea to her child while reciting a nursery rhyme.
she is doing the dance to the song i'm a little teapot.
a person gestures "i'm a little teapot."
a person belly crawls forward.
a person crawls forward slowly.
person crawls forward on their stomach.
a man bends his legs, gets up and then claps in a sequence multiple times.
a figure does the chicken dance, flapping arms and clucking fingers and shimmeying
waving arms up and down and then clapping.
a person moseys towards you.
a person walks foward with their arms at their side.
a person walks slowly from back to front.
moving hands onto knees.
a person stands with feet should width a part with hands resting on his knees before lifting his arms out to shoulder level.
a person is sitting their and then raises their hands in a horizontal motion
a figure dances ballet elegantly
a person ballet dances a straight line and turns around.
a dancer stands at the ready, steps and leaps forward, leaps again, then jumps clockwise in a half circle.
a person swings a tennis back hand with his right arm
a person walks forward and swings, walks backwards and then forward again, completing a second swing of their arms. looks similar to motion while playing tennis.
person is doing a backhand slice.
a figure walks and spins on their heel.
person walks forward, turns left, and walks back
a person takes two long strides forward, pivots swiftly on their left foot, and then walks the other way.
a person sitting there shaking
a person squats while twitching their arms and feet, finally rotating their body side to side.
a person moves hands and swigs on chair.
a person jumps forwards casually..
a person swings their arms back and leaps forward with both their legs
the toon winds both arms backward using the momentum to jump forward.
the man thrusts his body horizontally while windmilling both arms forward at the same time.
a person appears to be swimming.
a swimming person propels themselves with both hands and legs.
the person did a little hop and then walked upstairs.
a person starts with both arms raised, then lowers them, makes a small hop, then walks up several stairs with their right hand on the railing.
the person walks forward as they climb stairs.
a person brings their right arm up and bends their elbow so it is across their stomach.
the person checks their right wrist as if checking the time.
a person standing in one spot lifts their right wrist up to their face like they are checking the time on their watch.
jumping up and down.
a person jumps up and down once.
a man jumps up with his whole body.
the person is jumping forward.
jumping forward one time.
a person leaps foward with both legs and performs a little hop arms causually swinging.
the person is jogging in place.
a person runs or jogs in place as if they are warming up for something
a person jogs in place
the man walks while holding onto the rail.
a man walks forward on a diagonal holding on to the railings on each side of him while he walks.
person is walking with handrail assistance
a man walks forward with his arms loosely at his sides.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
the person is walking forward stepping over some thing.
the person washes a window with his left hand and then stretches big.
a person raises their right hand and makes clockwise motions, then raises both arms in a y shape
a person raises their right hand and revolves it in front of them, and then raises both their arms above their head.
a man waves, then turns around and repeats.
the person is seen to be greeting someone by raising the hand
a person waves with their right hand and walks around.
a person paces from side to side
a person walks to the left then back to the right and back to the middle again.
person walks to the left and turns around and walks to the right then turns around again and returns to starting position
the person has their legs spread past shoulder width and is pushing their shoulder into a surface on his right, as if trying to shoulder a door open.
stickman is leaning right two times, as in preparing for another movement.
a person leans arm against wall right side to warm up.
a person takes large steps moving down to a bottom floor.
the toon walks down a short flight of stairs.
a person walks downstairs, right foot dominant.
a person takes side steps to the right, then to the left, then back to the starting position.
a person takes large steps to his right and left.
a person sidesteps to the left across the room, then to the right and then walks normally back to center of room.
a person does a handstand and then stands back straight.
a person is standing still, does a handstand, then goes back to original position
a man executes a handstand with his feet up in the air and returns to his feet in a standing position.
a person picks up a phone and holds it to their ear and then puts it down and turns away
a person turns to the right, picks up an item in their right hand, raises it to the side of their head, then lowers their hand again.
a man puts a phone to his ear, then puts it back down.
this person is running forward.
running forward and then stopping.
a person runs forward in a straight line.
a person walks top his right.
a person walks forward towards the right.
a man makes a curved right turn, then stops after a few steps.
the person is standing up doing wrist circles.
a person is standing tall with their arms out and then spins their hands around
the sim is standing with both arms extended appearing to hold exercise equipment before rotating both arms.
the person pick some thing up with both hands.
squatting down one time.
a person squats down to get something from the ground.
a shorter figure jumps and high fives someone taller than him out of excitement
jumping up and down.
the person jumped vertically up.
a person bends over and first pulls on something with their right hand, then pulls it out and sets it down.
a person shakes or mixes something up
a person is using a hand saw
a figure lowers to their knees and sexy crawls.
a person gets on the floor and begins to crawl.
a person crawls along the floor
the person is walking like he’s doing a comedian act.
a man staggers from side to side with his arms raised.
a person walks forwards goofily, with each arm extended slightly.
a person tilts cautiously to the side then walks forward.
a person leans to the right and walks forward.
a person walks forward with slight body lean to the right.
a person who is sitting reaches up with his left hand and puts something in his mouth.
moving arm up and down while squatting.
a squatting person raises their left hand above their head.
the person takes one jump back.
person does one jump back with bothe feet shoulder length apart
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides bends at the knees and jumps backwards.
a person is dribbling a ball.
a man  dribbles an object with both hands while running backwards and forwards.
the person is dribbling a basketball forwards and backwards.
person is practicing standing long jump
person takes warms up legs and arms before taking a big jump then raising arms to head
the person makes one big jump
the person was push but did not fall.
a person walks forward and trips.
a man walks forward, trips, regains his balance and takes another step forward.
a person slowly walks forward hunched over and then picks something up with their left hand.
person bent over takes small steps forward, moves left hand to the ground.
a person walks forward severely hunched over.
a person jumps up and down with their legs spread, both arms out to their side.
person is jumping up and down
a person jumps up and down with their hands out to their side.
person is waving with right hand
a person waves with their right hand.
a man waves his right arm a few times before lowering it to his side.
a person walking very slowly.
person is walking forward slowly
person walks straight forward with a slight sway.
a man brushing his dogs hair with a dog brush, stroking his fur at a downward stroke.
this person is wiping a surface with his right hand.
i’m person is wiping something with the right hand.
a person picks something up with both hands.
band and take something on the hand.
a person bends down to pick something up and carries it in place.
a person is dancing with expressive arm movement and then jumps forward
this person is dancing quickly all around.
a figure does a dance where it waves its arms around then makes a large jump and then steps back to its original position.
a person walks forward.
the sim walks down the plane.
a person casually walks forward
a standing figure claps his hands.
the man is moving his arms
a person clap their hands in approval.
a person appears to be playing tennis and shoots the ball with the racket in his right hand
walking sideways and almost falling.
a person lunges and hits something, then backing up.
a person walks forward, stumbles to their left, corrects and continues walking forward.
the person was pushed to the right but did not fall.
a person walks forward, appeared to be pushed from the right, and then kept walking forward.
a  person swings with both their arm.
a figure swings a golf club
the person is standing sideways, brings hands together in the front at the waist line, swings hands backwards together and then follows through with both hands still together, in a swinging motion.
a person is sprinting forward.
he makes a dribbling motion while driving to the basket, using his right hand.
this person runs very quickly forward.
the person is walking forward and turns right.
this person is taking two steps forward without moving their arms the. spins on one foot to turn backwards then takes 2 stels forward.
person walks forward, turns right, walks back
person walks forward with hands straight up in the air
a referee is walking on the field with his arms in the air indicating their was a successful field goal.
the person is walking over a balance beam with his hands in the air.
a person who is standing with his hands at this sides reaches down to his left, picks up something, moves the object to his right and places it down and returns to his standing position with his hands to his sides.
the person pick something up from the left and moved it to the right.
a person uses both hands to lift and move an object.
a person leans over and takes something from his left side and places it to his right.
a person places both arms to the left, then to the right.
a person gently lifts something from their left and sets it down on their right.
the person walsk forward, turns around and sits down only to get back up and walk back to where they started.
a person walks forward, turns around, sits down, stands up and then walks away.
the person walk forward and sit down.
the character is walking backward to the side, swaying and lifting their feet as to do a line dance motion.
a person saunters around the floor
while swaying their arms forward and backward, a person walks diagonally backwards to the right, then diagonally forward to the left, then backwards, quickly kicks to the right with their left foot, then walks forward.
user is using right hand and putting it up to face area
a person lifts his right hand to his face.
a person raises their right hand to their face.
walking forward then running back.
yes he’s a young kid oh you have it on
just running on the floor .
a person lifts their left arm
the sim has both hands up in a boxing fashion, bringing their left hand up to their chest.
a person moves his left hand upwards.
a person runs to his right.
a person runs forward, quickly turning right for a few paces before facing forward again, slowing to a stop.
the person runs to the right direction.
this person bends forward with hand near face as if he is hurting.
the person is acting very hung over.
a person bends and holds their head with their right hand.
a person throws something with both arms twice, then steps back and turns to his left while touching his right then left bicep.
a person is throwing something with both hands from above their head
a person tosses two objects over their head, then stretches their arms.
person has arms raised and brings then to hip level
the person is standing still.
a person has his arms extended outwards, then brings them down, then looks on the floor to his left
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes three tentative steps towards the front.
the person walks forward slowly.
persons playing a guitar with his left hand.
a person has right hand up at head height while left hand goes up and down at belly height.
a person appears to be playing the guitar
a person is jabbing with their right arm.
a person standing with feet a part uses his right hand to swing from the bottom up over and over again
this person raises right arm as if to punch.
a person doing 3 jumping jacks.
the person does 3 jumping jacks.
a person does three jumping jacks.
a person is in a seated position, raising their arms to to their sides so they are parallel to their shoulders.
a person, while seated, raises their arms to shoulder height and lowers them.
figure stands half posed and lifts arms
the person is doing a golf putt.
a man brings his arms together and swings them in front of his knees, before standing back up.
person is taking a gold swing
a person raising their left hand to their face.
a person yawns with their left hand.
a person uses their right hand to touch their face.
a person is standing before being pushed back and to the right slightly.
a person move backwards
a standing person steps backwards.
a person lifts an object up to his face using his right arm
the man scratches his head then looks at his hands.
a person holds an object up to their ear
a person swivels in a chair while on the phone, then stands up.
a person squats and eventually stands up, moving their right hand a bit.
the person is making a phone call and then putting the phone back down.
a person does jumping jacks.
a man does several jumping jacks.
a person does two normal jumping jacks.
a person walks on a beam with arms straight up in the air, stops and lowers his arms.
a person puts their hands up while walking and then puts them down.
this person walks forward slowly while holding both arms straight up.
a man grans his left elbow.
a man standing will folds his arms.
a person is standing, crosses both arms in front and scratches left elbow
the person takes 4 steps forward, then shakes its legs.
person is walking forward really slowly
a person walks forward very slowly
a person takes a wide stance and jumps around the floor.
a person bends knees ans shuffles side to side
a person squats downs with legs apart and then hops twice to the right, twice to the left and again to the right while crouched.
while sitting takes a object out with left hand raises it to head before putting it away again with left hand
a person is sitting and moves around his hands.
a person is sitting making continuous gestures with their arms.
man walking in a circle to his right (clockwise)
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person quickly paces while looking down.
the man is making gestures
a person raised the both hands and showed some jesture
a person crouches down and hugs themself.
man raises left hand to head level and brings it back down to hip level.
a person raised the left hand and leaned near to face
the person is taking off some thing.
a man stumbling across a room
a person walks around and stops.
the person is walking around like they are drunk.
a person performs martials arts with their left arm blocking 4 times at a high level, one time at a mid level, and one time at a lower level.
a man is posing repeatedly with both of his arms.
a person blocks attacks from above and below using their left arm.
he walks quickly forward, reaching out and shaking hands, then steps around him/her and walks on again.
a person walks, then shakes hands with someone and continues walking
a person walks forward, does a motion to shake hands with another person, then walks away to the left
the person is jogging in place.
a person jogs as if on a treadmill
running forward in place.
a man jogs briefly then stops.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is jogging in place
a person walks forward several steps.
a person walks forward then stops.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides quickly takes five steps forward.
a person is making arm motions with both arms starting with their left arm.
a person shivers, pretends to row a boat, and then swings their arms freely.
a person raises their left arm
a person puts both arms in the air and leans over.
a person raises his arms above his head, bends his upper body to the right, and returns to a neutral stance.
a person puts both arms above their head and stretches to the right.
a person walks forward as their right hand guides them
a person does a dribbling motion with their right hand while walking forward on a diagonal
a person walks forward while making a dribbling motion with their right arm.
a person lifts their right hand as if holding the neck of the guitar, and then moves their left hand in a strumming motion.
while facing front a man makes a motion as if to strum a guitar using his left hand.
a person raises their right arm, and strums with their left hand.
the man is making gestures
the person is jiggling his knee with his hand on it.
a person sitting down puts their hands on their thighs, taps their left foot heel quickly, and then taps their right foot heel quickly.
figure seen walking in place lazily.
a man walks continuously forward slowly with his arms down.
a person slowly walks without moving forward.
the figure takes a large step to the left.
a person makes a sideways step and moves to his right.
he pushes his recovery on left arm
the man standing still for a photograph.
a person who is standing with his hands by his hips raises his right arm and points his hand forward, then lowers his arm to his original stance.
the person reaches out with their right hand and puts the hand back down.
a person sits cross legged and then stands back up.
man sit down in a indian style position then stand back up.
a person sits down cross legged, then stands up.
a person walking speeds up then jumps and kicks their heels together before walking away.
a person walks forward and jumps over something.
a person jumps over something while walking and continues to walk.
a person walks forward diagonally to the left.
person goes down some steps and comes to a stand still
a person walks down stairs.
a person looks forward, then looks to their left, then looks to their right
a man faces the camera and stands in place, and then turns his neck to look to his left, then turns his neck to look to his right, before returning to the starting position.
a person slowly looks back and forth.
he walked in a counter clockwise circle while stretching.
walking forward and then in a circle.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
person walks straight in pretty slow phase, turns around and walks in oppsite direction.
the person is walking and making a left turn.
a person slowly walked forward and returned back
a person steps forward with their right foot, brings the left foot to join the right, the uses both hands with elbows bent to motion to the left and then to the right two times.
walking forward then moving hands left to right
a person uses their arms to motion from the right side of the screen to the left side.
the person is hand mixing dough to bake something
a person is using both hands to mix dough
a person is mixing something around with their hands.
figure appears to be picking something up
a person getting low to pick something up
a person bends down and picks up something gets up and stops
a person randomly moves by rotating across the ground, with a stiff body, elbows by their side, and forearms stretched in front of their torso.
a person seems to be listening to music and dancing at the same time
the person is dancing around
a person does several jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person does a couple of jumping jacks.
a person crosses their arms and then puts them down to their sides.
he puts his arms together then stops
a person crosses his arms.
a person who is standing reaches back with his left arm and swings it forward and upwards.
a person is boxing and moves his left hand upwards.
this person reaches left then swings his arm to the right.
picking something up off the ground and putting it on something
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
a person bends over, picks up an object off the ground, and places it on a surface in front of them.
a person in a squat position with arms straight out to the sides, lets their left arm fall to their side, and then after a bit they raise it back up.
a person is holding their right arm up.
a person squatting slightly, with their arms raised, lowers their left arm, then raises it back.
a person bent down walks sneakily towards the left.
a man is tip toeing forward in a sneaky way
a person crouch walks forward diagonally to their left
a person jogs to the left and then jogs to the right, and finally back to the left to return back to his normal position
a person turns and does a small jog to their left and then their right before ending up in the space place they started.
a person takes warm up jogging steps to the left then to the right.
a person steps forward, back, to the side, back, and then forward again while their hands are around their partner.
the person is holding up a gun to shoot.
a man holds someone to his left while he waltzes.
a person is sitting on something and resting their hands on something in front of them.
a person appears to be standing almost still. their hands move or vibrate slightly, but the rest of their body appears to be motionless.
a person stands still with their hands on their hip.
a person is standing up in one place with both of their arms fanned out to their sides.
the person is showering with her left arm.
a person raised hands and stopped
a person walks back and forth on a diagonal
a figure looks down and paces first to the left and then to the right
the person walk to the left and then back to the right.
the person turns the upper body to the left and makes an upward  punching motion with the right hand.
a person punches their right arm up.
person lifts right arm up
a person may take small, deliberate steps when recovering from surgery.
person takes one step forward
a person stands still and takes a small step forward.
a person turns around, and raises their right hand to their head, then turns around again.
person turns and lifts something to their face
the person step to the left and is saluting someone.
a man lifts his hands up in front his face and turns to his right, and then his left, and puts his hands back down.
a person brings their hands to their face and looks to each side.
a person shifts from right to left with hands to their face.
a person holding a fighting pose takes an uppercut swing with his left hand.
a person makes a swooping gesture up and to their right with their left arm.
a person performing an odd uppercut
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and jumps up and lands in place.
a person jumps up and down.
jumping on the floor at the same place.
a person is walking forward.
walking and placing one foot over the other
a person slowly walked forward while balancing
someone raises their right arm in defense mode
a man has his arms in a fighting position in front of him, with elbows bent, before he lifts his right arm to block something from above, and then returns to his original position.
a person is blocking something with their right arm.
a person stands up from a kneeling position, using their right arm to help themselves up.
band and stay stand on the floor.
this person gets up to stand from being on his knees.
the person took a jump forward.
a person jumps forward once.
jump fornt on the floor.
a person flamenco dances with their arms switching in the air.
a man dances with his left hand above his head and his right hand to his torso.
a person dances interchanging which foot is in front, and which arm is raised
a person walks forwards, leans on a table with his right hand, and lowers his upper body toward the ground to look for something.
a person walks forward then bends toward the ground while leaning on something with their right arm, then they stand back up.
person moves forward slightly, puts hands on an item, and then bucks their hips to lean on it. appears to be looking for something
a person raises their left hand, with palm upwards, towards their face then back down.
a man makes small gestures with his left arm
man is holding a conversation with someone making body gestures with his left hand explaining himself in detail but looks concerned about the situation.
the man is dancing the salsa.
a person moonwalks backward for 4 seconds.
a person is imitating michael jackson, kicking their right leg right and left, turning backwards, moonwalking, turning back around and striking the infamous mj pose.
a person walks forward very slowly, while putting their hands on their hips.
person walks forward and itches both sides and continues to walk
a man walks slowly forwards and puts his hands on his hips then lets them fall at his sides.
a person walks forward, the raises its right arm up and down twice.
a person walks a few steps towards something and begins confidently reaching out and touching something in front of them
a man turns to his right, then waves at someone twice.
a person raises both arms then dances around and makes a kick with right leg
a person does a dance kick.
a person steps back on his right foot while throwing his right arm forward, then steps back on his left foot while throwing his left arm forward then steps back on his right foot and then kicks his right foot forward and steps back on both feet standing with arms spread out to the side
the person moves around like a monkey.
a person swings arms around and hops around, acting like a monkey.
the man is imitating a monkey by jumping around with his arms raised.
a man holds upper arms to shoulder length and his forearms hang at his sides. his right arm scratches left shoulder. arms dangle at the sides before right arm reaches to touch head.
someone looks around, scratches their abdomen and chest, pauses for a moment, drops their arms, then scratches their head
a person looks around while scratching their back and stomach area and chest, then loosely throws down their hands, lastly they pick up their right hand to scratch their head.
the figure does a jump about 2 steps forward, without raising hands
a person slowly jumped forward
a person jumps forward one time.
a person picks something up on the left side then moves it to the right side.
a person lifts an object up and tilts it to the  left side before returning it to it's original location.
person picks up something and sets it back down
figure appears to be waving
a man waves his right arm in front of his face, alternating between the palm facing his head and facing outward.
the person is waving with their right hand.
a person shields themselves with their left arm.
a person swings their left hand above their head and in front of them.
a person raises his left arm above his head and returns his arm to his side.
a figure stands with their hands on their hips then catches a ball low and tosses it back
standing still then moving arms up and down.
a person tosses and catches a ball.
a man waves with his left hand.
a person waves slowly with their left hand
a person raises his left hand and waves.
the person was walking and stepping  over something.
a person slowly walked forward and after returned back
man step forward walk across then turn around step forward then walk back across.
running from side to side.
the person is jogging back-and-forth to the left and right.
person turns jogs quickly to the left then to the right
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
a person walks forward and then turns around on his left foot and walks back.
this person walks forward, turns then walks back.
a person appears to be giving instruction by showing the location of something with their hands.
the person touch something in front of them and moved it to the right.
a person reaches forward with his right hand
a person lifts up their right leg, and makes small hops on their left leg.
a person raised the right leg and pull it down
a person raises their right leg, then starts to hop very slightly.
a person moving hand clockwise and counterclockwise.
the person was juggling a bunch of balls.
a performer juggles for an audience.
this person crawls around on the floor then stands.
the person is walking around on his knees.
a man is crawling on his knees then stands up.
this person walks forward then quickly turns right to walk back.
the man turns right fast
the person is walking and turn right.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
walks forward, turns around, walks forward
person walks forward, turns left, walks back
the person is playing the violin with his right hand.
person is playing musical instrument
the figure is playing an invisible violin
person sits on floor with legs crossed
the person sits on the ground with their legs crossed then gets back up
the person cross his legs and sat down
a person holds his arms horizontally, shoulder-high, lowers them to his thighs, picks up something off a table with his left hand, and puts it down on the table with his right hand,
lowering arms to the side and then out.
the figure starts with his arms stretched out and then picks something up and raises his arms above his shoulders.
a person with a red left side and blue right side raises arms to a t and then places both on the knees
a person squatting, places their hand on their knees for a few moments, then extends their arms out to the sides, and then returns their hands to their knees.
someone is sitting down with their hands on their thighs.
a person slowly walks diagonally to his right while searching for something, sometimes putting his hands above his eyes.
the person is walking searching for something.
a person hunched over walking.
the man is moving his hands around in the motion of cleaning what's his right arm.
a person motions as if washing their hands and arm before reaching for a towel.
person is washing his right arm.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person slowly walks forward
a person walks forward slowly in a curved line.
the man is jogging on the spot
a person moves to their right and then jogs in place
a person turns to right, takes two steps forward, and then runs in place.
the person walks forward a few steps, appears to hold hands up, indicating a headache, and then steps back.
a person looks out over the space below them.
this person steps forward then appears to look out a window.
person is jogging in a normal pace.
a person jogs in place, pumping their arms with their steps.
a person jogs at a regular pace.
a person walks forward dragging his right leg behind him.
a person is walking while dragging his right foot.
someone injured dragging their right leg while walking
a person walked in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person slowly walekd by making the circle
a figure walks to the right in a circle
the person is stepping over a gap.
the man is doing step over gapa
a person walks forward on a slight leftward angle.
a man holds a golf club with both hands.
this person swing forward with hands in front as if to play golf.
a person swings an object back and forth
this person throws with his right hand as if playing baseball.
a person is throwing something with his right hand
the person is throwing a ball hard with his right arm.
a person stands up using both hands on knees to prompt themselves up and walks to the right.
the person is crouching down and standing up.
person crouches down knees bent and hands on hips  then  then gets up and goes a few steps clockwise
walking forward and stopping.
a person walks forward ocassionally hopping and stretching all their limbs.
a person is skipping forwards
a person climbs something and reaches to their right with their right hand.
a person climbs up a ladder
a person climbing a ladder and reaching for something to put away
a man catching and then throws an object with his right hand twice.
moving hand out throwing something.
person through something forward with his right hand.
the person folds their arms before then unfolding
a person crosses their arms in dismay and then drops them.
a person folds arms across chest.
a person casualy walking around and then down a set of stairs
a person walks forward, walks up some steps, then turns around and walks back down some steps.
the person is walking up and down the stairs.
person stands still with both arms raised at shoulder height
the person is standing with their arms out .
figure appears to be standing still
the person is walking down stairs
a person walks forward in a diagonal pattern while swaying side to side.
a person walks forward slightly to the right and then stops
a person falls to the left and then steps back where he was.
a person is pushed to their left and stumbles but doesn't fall and walks back to where they were standing.
a person jumped to the left, and backed to right place
a person walking forward slow pace.
video stick figure, walks in a clock-wise motion, starting at 12 o'clock and ending at 7 o'clock.
a person walks toward the viewer in a straight line at a normal pace.
the sim appears to be walking at a slight angle at a normal rate of speed.
taking about 5 or 6 steps forward
a man walks towards the left.
a person waves with their left hand above their head, signaling to someone
the person is waving at something with his left hand.
a person raised the left hand and shake it
a person waves with both arms above head.
a person standing waves arms once above his head so others can find him.
a person lifts both hands above their head, moves both hands rapidly outwards and back to above their head, then lowers both arms.
a sitting person motions with first left hand toward the front, then right hand higher and extended to the right side before standing to walk away.
a person raises on arm then the other and then they get up
a person with one hand to their ear, swings his other hand around, then pats something and walks forward
man moves quickly around in a funny way
a person uses their arms like a trex.
someone appears to be playing with an object
a person dances the salsa
someone walks forward and begins dancing around in a counterclockwise circle.
walks forward, spins and dances
the person is walking and making a right turn.
a person walks in an arc slightly to their right.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person slowly walked forward
a person is walking fast in a straight line.
the person is walking fast forward.
a figure crouches and slightly trembles
moving hands around near face.
a person squatting but has both hands up as if eating.
a person hops up and allows their arms to swing gently.
a person jumps  up and swings his arms in a circle
jumping up and down waving arms.
a person makes multiple small jumps.
a person jumps up and down
person jumping up and down
this person walks forward and picks something up then walks back.
a person walks forward, bends down, picks something up and moves it, gets back up and walks back.
walking forward and then bending down.
walk forward two steps, bend at the knee and waist as if picking something up. stand up and return to the starting position
person is lifting something heavy.
someone walks, stops and bends down, picks up something and puts it there, stands and leaves
a person swings their arms quickly forward and then backwards.
someone shrugs their shoulders then spins their right hand around counterclockwise four times. they briefly pause to shrug shoulders again, then spins their right hand clockwise three times.
a person moves their right arm and shoulder in a windmill motion forward and then stops and repeats this motion in the reverse direction.
a figure walks confidently forward then raises their hand as if to access a door nob
a person walks forward confidently.
a person who is walking moves forward taking six confident strides.
stretching arms while standing.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides raises both arms above his head while taking one step to his left.
a person stretches out arms and legs
a person mixes something with their left hand.
a person stirs something with their left hand.
a person moves their left hand in a horizontal counter clockwise circle in front of them.
a person takes a couple of steps back.
person moves backwards then swings both arms side to side
person backed up and got ready to throw a punch with his left arm.
a man is walking forward
stick figure bends over picks somthing up then starts walking forward
a person touches something low to the ground using their right hand, then walks forward.
the man throws  both hands
a person hops and throws an object with both hands.
the person through something up with both hands.
a man rotates his hips with his arms bent, and then alternates leaning toward each side as he stretches.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a person does body twists left to right and then leans from side to side.
someone walks forward and pivots on his right foot and turns around smoothly
a man stand straight up with hands to his sides and takes two steps forward then quickly makes a 180 degree turn to his right and walks forward to where he began.
the person who’s walking forward turning right.
the person is putting on his shirt.
a person is turning something with its right hand, while holding something with its left hand
a person holds an item in their left hand and makes a twisting motion with their right hand.
walking forward and stopping.
a person walks forward at mid pace.
a person walks forward in a wavy line, hands relaxed at his sides.
a person drinks from a bottle in their left hand
a person opens a bottle with their right hands and drinks it with their left.
the person is drinking out of his bottle with his left hand.
someone steps to the left and then recovers there original position by steping to the right.
a person steps forward to the left.
a person steps to the right, takes a half step back with their left foot and then steps back to the left.
a person crouches on their left leg.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides spreads his arms, bows, lifts his right leg to cross his left, then returns his right leg to the ground while swinging out his right arm and then returns to standing.
this person puts his leg on his other leg and squats.
a person who is standing with his arms next to his sides slowly takes five steps forward.
the person takes a slow walk forward.
the person is walking very slowly.
a man is stumbling and drinks something.
the person struggles to walk to their coffee mug
a person staggers forward drunkenly, struggles to open a bottle, then drinks from it.
the person waves with their left hand.
the man stands while raising his left arm to wave back and forth.
the person is leaving with their left arm.
crouching and then jumping.
a sitting person jumps up.
a person is squatting then proceed to jump up
a person hops in place.
a person jumps several times
a person is bouncing up and down.
the person is greeting  hello with his right hand.
a person lowers their right arm then rotates counter clockwise to face away from you, then raises and lowers their right arm again as if waving.
person is saying hi to people
this person walks forward, swats then walks back.
man walks forwards, stops, turns around and sits. then gets up and walks back
the person walked forward and then turned around and sat down.
a person stretching their left arm over their head, bending their body during the motion.
a figure does a stretch to get ready for exercising.
a person does a stretch
person walks forward, steps over something, and continues
a person walks forward, then takes a big step in between then continues to walks forward.
a figure goes up and down a flight of stairs with odd stepping patterns
a person puts their hands on their abdomen and jumps then moves a few steps to the side.
a person that jumps on one spot and then steps to the left
person slightly jumps into the air, then shuffles to their left.
a person lifts both hands into the air.
a person raises both arms as if they are lifting weights.
a person lifts weights with both hands.
a person does jump n jacks.
a person does 2 star jumps
someone exercises, jumping and raising both arms
the person claps a few times.
a person claps their hands together.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides brings his hands together and claps vigorously.
a person walks forward, then turns around then walks back.
a person walks forward does a clockwise turn and walks back.
a person walks then spins around 180 degrees then starts walking back the way they came
a person is stepping forward.
a person slowly takes a single step forward.
a person takes one step forward.
a person punches several times before pushing something to their right.
a person does some shadow boxing then pushes something in front of them
a person is punching the air.
a person holds something in his hands, then walks to the right, sits down and lefts his left foot up to hold it with his hands.
person wrings hands and moves to right and bends leg to tie shoe.
a person side steps then sits down
a person walks in a rectangular pattern.
a person walks to the right, walks forward, then walks to the left, and walks forward.
a person walks forward, turns left, walks forward, turns left, and then walks forward some more.
the guy lunges forward just a bit and the video ends.
a person picks something up and put it to the left side.
a person lifts something up with both hands, then sets it down slightly to their right.
a person walks forward using a handrail to guide them
person stands with arms slightly outstretched oh, then begins walking forward while using the left arm to guide along something such as a rail.
arms falling to their sides the figure picks up and down their left hand it guides them as they walk forward.
a person leans quickly backward from something
a figure holds and imaginary ball in front of him with two hands at chest level and leans back then returns to straight standing position.
the person rock back and then forward again.
a person that is hopping front and then backwards and then does a front flip
a person hops around the floor, then jumps back with their left foot and does a front flip.
a person begins breakdancing in a backwards motion then steps forward into a front flip, landing on both feet.
a person walks forward with both arms streached out to their side.
person was walking trying to keep his balance.
a person who is leaning to his right with his arms stretched out from his body to keep his balance takes six hesitant steps forward and then stops.
the man walks forward, stumbles and the jumps backwards.
a person walks forward and stumbles backwards.
a person is walking then steps back to avoid something then starts walking again
a person i walking forward and slightly to the right when the abruptly move to the left and then continue walking back forwards to the right.
a person gets pushed from the right while they're walking.
the person is walking like they are drunk.
a person jogs in place.
a person jogs forward vigorously.
a person runs forward.
a person stands up, walks backward, kicks something forward, falls, and stands up.
person sets a ball down and then kicks it
the person is playing soccer.
a person is standing, then bends forward repeatedly, then takes a step back and to the left.
a person with a rec left side abd blue right side sways left to right head nods and steps back ttwo steps to the right
a person bowing down several times or head banging like a metal fan
a person is walking and then pivots, and turns in the other direction.
a person slowly walked forward, and return
a person walks straight and then swings around to the right and walks back.
a person walks forward with arms at their side not swinging
the person is walking very fast.
walking in a rapid yet staggering way
a person waves their right hand, sways from back and forth, then waves around their left hand, then puts both hands on their hips and shifts their weight onto their right side
person swing body hand and hips standing in one spot.
a person is moving left hand in a cirlce.
the person is looking through binoculars.
a person holds hands in front of their face.
a person grabs his head and puts his hands back down
a person shrugs their shoulders.
a man tries to say as if he is not aware
a person lifts their shoulders and arms out to the side and then quickly drops them back down.
a figure walks upstairs without a handrail.
the person is walking up the stairs
a standing person places their right foot forward and the their left pushing up as if they are walking on stairs
a person taking side steps and making a circle.
the person is sidestepping to the left and then to the right
the stick-figure walks in a counter-clockwise motion.
a person walks to the right.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person moving across the room in a curved motion
a person with their hands by their sides jumps twice on their left leg while bending their right knee and then jumps twice on their right leg, they then jump twice on their right leg while bending their left knee.  they repeat this pattern of jumps one more time before stopping.
a person hops on one leg at a time with a lot of energy.
a person hops on left foot, then right foot, then left foot, then right foot, and then puts both feet on ground.
the person is stepping on stones.
taking big steps forward in a zig zag.
a person walks on stepping stones.
a person, slowly moved to the left than lay down on all floors and went to right
the person backed up and is on his knees crawling forward
a person walks backwards, then gets down and crawls forwards.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a person walks in a circle clockwise, stopping at the place where they started.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
a person is stretching their right leg by pulling it over their head.
a person is stretching their right leg.
a person stretches their right leg and right arm above their head.
the person is standing still with his arms crossed.
a person crosses their arms in anger.
a person who is standing with his hands down by his sides crosses his arms, then drops his arms to his sides.
a man walks forward slowly and calmly.
the person is walking slowly forward.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person pretends to be a chicken
the person is acting like a chicken.
a person puts their hands on their hips and nods their head forward twice, turns and does the same.
a figure jogs forward with elbows cocked
a man takes a light jog to get to a point a few feet in front of him. he he then stops walking altogether.
a man jogs forward a few steps than stops.
a person running forward quickly.
the person is running forward.
the person is running and slows down towards the end.
a man pats with his right hand twice; bends down with his right reeling back his hand back up twice and pats with his hand one more time then turns around walking forward
person raises right arm into the air as if dunking something, then turns around and walks away.
a person moves their right arm around in front of them, then bends over and continues motioning with their right hand, and finally turns around.
the man is doing yoga
person goes into a press ups  up position then rotates legs towards hands
man has two hands on the ground facing downward with the right leg in front and the left leg stretched behind; kicks right leg behind as well and went intp a downward facing dog position.
a person jumps up into the air, turns his body three quarters of the way around and lands on his feet.
a man jumps and spins to the left.
a person jumps and spins in the air.
person stands still for a few moments and then walks forward
the man pauses then steps forward gingerly.
the man us standing still
the man sits then moves forward
the person sat down from standing.
a person steps back carefully to have a seat, then stands again and takes a couple steps forward.
the man reaches his right arm down and he bends over to pick something up.
a person bend from their hips to oick something up using the right hand.
a person leans over and touches the ground while left his leg behind him for balance, then stands up.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one step forward and three steps to his right and stops.
moving forward on the right side.
a person walks at a bend to the right.
a person is waving with their right hand, turns around and continues to wave with their right hand.
a person is waving with their right arm, and then turns around and waves again with their right arm.
waving hand in the air.
the sim appears to be standing an object onto their right side.
this person lifts something then places it to the right.
a person picks something up with each hand and then stacks the item from their left hand on top of the item their right hand.
a person steps forward, staggers suddenly to his left, then slowly walks back to his original course.
the person is walking like he is drunk
a man is walking forward but then gets pushed to the left, then continues walking
a man stands still for a few seconds, then leans slightly to his right, before returning to the original position.
a person is pushed from the left.
moving slightly side to side.
person slowly walks forwards while pumping his right arm up and down towards the floor gently.
someone walking forward with a limp on the right side while leaning against something
a person walks while leaning on a rail.
a person sits down and stands up.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
person sits in chair and then stands back up
a person is doing some quick warmup stretches/movements for their shoulders, chest, and back, swinging his arms front to back.
a person is moving their arms around stretching.
person is warming up chest muscles
a person made some jesture with both hands and raised right hand
a man raises and waves his right hand above his head and moves his left arm.
a person moves his right hand in the air.
the person is tiptoeing so no one hears him.
a man walks forward holding onto railings on each side with his hands.
a lowers their arms and uses their right and left hands to steady themselves as they walk forward
a person holds something with right arm, then throws it
a person winds up with something in their right hand, steps forward and throws the object with their right hand, steps back and repeats the action.
he walked up a few steps to gain momentum to throw a ball
crouching and then laying down.
a person squats down, then crawls forward and sprawls flat on her stomach.
squats, then leans forwards into a crawl position to lay flat on the stomach.
a person who is running takes four steps forward and to his left, stops, turns 180 degrees, takes five steps the other way, turns 180 degrees and takes two steps to his left.
a person runs back and forth in a half a circle
a person running counter clockwise then turning around and running clockwise
the man is walking slowly
a person slowly walks backwards, then forwards, and slowly turns around.
a person moves backwards, swiddles the arms and walks forward,a and turns to walk back.
this person uses both arms and hands as if to throw an item up.
the person seems to be curling it's arm as if lifting weights.
a man bends both of his elbows towards his torso.
a person moves their hands up above their head, appearing to stretch their back.
the person is doing arm warm-ups.
a person doing lateral streches left to right.
the person is jogging around.
a person jogs towards the right in a arc pattern, turns and then jogs back.
a person runs in a large clockwise half circle and then returns to the starting point.
a person is walking forward.
person is casually walking forward
the person walks in a forward direction
a person bends to their right side and picks up something with their right hand, then walks slowly forward.
the person is carrying a huge suitcase.
a person bends down to pick up something then stands up and walks forward.
someone is posing woth their right leg out straight, their right are bent 90 degrees, and their left arm fully extended with their left hand anove their head.
person is making a pose
a figure dances with their arms in the air.
a person continually walks forward.
the person was walking forward normally.
person is walking on a treadmill
a person walks while dramatically swinging both arms.
person walks forward throwing hands up in the air
the man turns slightly and walks across swinging his arms wildly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is walking forward slowly starting with his right foot and then stands still.
with arms by his side, the person walks forward on a balance beam and then stops.
a man has his arms raised then jumps, walking up the stairs.
a person who is standing with is hands raised head high drops his hands, jumps in place, climbs up five steps while reaching to his right and touching something with his right hand.
in this one a person is stand
a man walks counterclockwise in a circle.
a person walks counterclockwise and then steps side-to-side.
the man walks in a clockwise circle then steps back then forward.
a man is standing still, then puts both his hands up and back down, and stands still again
a person bends his left arm up at the elbow and waves then returns to starting position. then bends both elbows up and waves with both hands.
the person was making a hand gesture with his left hand.
the person took his right arm up to his face.
a person raises their right arm to their face
he moves around then stops
a person sways and puts right hand out to waist height then puts arm back down.
this person reaches forward as if to open something.
a person extends his right arm out and back in
a person grabbed something with right hand and did something
this person moves his hand as if to move items carefully then steps back.
person steps forward 2 steps and reaches their left and down for something. they slice it with their other hand while holding it down with their left hand. they step back to their original position
a person's feet are pulled forward and their fall over on their back.
a person fall down on the back
the man is doing rugpug fall
a person stands with arms out partway to each side, lifts his right leg, swings it forward briefly, then sweeps it in a semicircle behind him before moving it forward and standing again; he then repeats the action.
a person holds their arms out, stands on their left leg and waves around their right leg.
standing on one leg and swinging it.
a person walks forward, leans forward and grabs something with their right hand, then moves back to starting position.
a person walks forward, reaches down and  picks something up with their right hand and places it somewhere else then steps back again.
a person steps forwards, picks an object up with their right hand, and then steps back.
a person is sitting with his legs spread apart.
this person puts his hands to his sides.
a person squats with knees bent outward and both arms raised out to the sides. they then lower both arms, resting them on their knees.
a person tosses and catches a football.
the person is throwing something with his right hand
user does a football throwing motion
the figure takes a few steps forward before pick something up turning around and walking back to where they were and crouching down to pick something up.
the person is rearranging and clearing  the walkway
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person reaches forward and holds something, steps back, then with their left hand the pass something forward.
the man throws something in front of him and then grabs another object and passes it off in front of him.
man takes a step forward and grabs with both hands, then steps back. then steps forward and grabs with only his right hand, then steps back.
a man looks from side to side then puts his left hand to his face to  yawn before continuing his task.
a person looks around in all directions.
the person is turning around in all directions.
the person was pretending he was a wild bear.
a person is attempting to imitate the form and pace at which the bear he saw earlier that day was walking.
the person holds their hands in front of them and moves their hands as if digging through a bin or drawer.
a person squats down and pats something with their right hand.
a person sat on something and shaked with right hands
the person kneels down and puts hands on knees.
a person raises their left and lowers their right hand.
a man raises his left hand to his head then lowers it again.
the man takes a pepsi bottle, opens it, and then lifts it to his mouth with he left hand to drink it.
moving forward and turn back.
the person is turning around to the side.
a person glances over their left shoulder then turn completely around.
the person gets on the ground, crawls, and gets back up and returns to their original position.
a person lean on the floor and get up after
a person lean down and crawl to his left
person picks someting up and then puts it back down
a figure lifts something from waist height on the left and sets it down shoulder height on the right
a person rotates an object to the right side of their body and returns the object to their front
a person jogs in place slowly in a counter clockwise circle.
person walks in a circle counter clockwise while facing the same way the whole time
the person walks in a half circle then jogs in place.
a person was touching their knees and then  lifted their arms up
this person puts his hands on his knees.
the man is sitting with his hands on his knees.
a man crosses his arms in an impatient manner.
a standing person crosses their arms and puts them back down.
the person crosses their arms over their chest.
taking a deep breath and shaking it off
the sim is standing still, appears to shrug their shoulders once.
a person shrugs the shoulders very slightly.
bending up and down stretching.
a person is stretching, first reaching towards the ground, then twisting at his torso and then bending his body left then right.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a person steps back then walks forward, stumbles, recovers and walks forward again then turns around.
person steps back then goes forward to their left hand side
a person steps back, begins to walk forward, and their right leg gets hurt
a person grabbed something and throw it with right hand
a person throws something lackadaisically with their right arm.
a man mimics a throwing motion with his right hand.
this person moves his upper body with arms and hands out front as if he is a monster.
with arms bent and making hands like claws, the person twists his body around.
a person struggles to get their arms out of a bind.
a person is walking forward.
the man takes 2 steps forward.
the person is walking forward.
a person makes a wiping motion with their right arm in front of them
the man raises his arms to chest height, crosses them, and releases them back down toward his hips.
a person uses their left arm to turn an imaginary wheel and then swing both the arms downwards, and then brings both arms up towards the chest.
person looks as if they are reaching above their head with their left arm
a person lifts their left arm over their head and while bending their right elbow at their waist.
a person is waving their left arm over their body in a strenuous manner, while their right arm stays by their side.
a person sitting there shaking then stands up and lifts there left arm and starts going in a circluar like motion
a person stands up to take a call with their left hand
a person holds up their arms, shakes out their left hand, stands up, and then sways back and forth as if dancing.
a person walks forward 3 steps, trips, turns around, and limps back to where they started.
a person walks, stumbles and returns walking with difficulty
walking in a diagonal line then back.
a person with their forearms upright, rasies their arms 3 times.
with both arms outstretched at the side, bent at elbow, the person raises arms straight over head, before returning to orginal position
person appears to lift some thing with both hands repeatedly above their head.
person stands there and looks around.
person is exercising their neck
a person is rotating their neck.
a person sits down and shivers.
a person is sitting down.
a person sits on his buttocks
lifting weights over their head
the person is lifting dumbbells over his head.
a person lifts both arms overhead as if lifting barbells.
a person raises their arms then squats. he does this twice
a person raised the hands and bend the knee
a man puts both arms above his head with hid palms out and squats down.
a person walks forward, then turns to the right, then continues to walk forward.
walking forward and then to the side.
a person walks up straight ahead, takes a right turn and walks further until the next right turn.
knocking on a door, then walking away
a person walks a few steps and knocks on a door with his right hand
the person is knocking on the door.
the sim appears to step forward & throw an object.
a person serves a ball with their right hand, then swings again with the right hand and finally holds somethings in both hands.
a person throwing with full force with this right arm above its head, and then throws another object at a lower angle below his chest and then catching a ball with both hands like that of a football.
a person slowly walks forward in a straight line putting one foot in front of the other while arms sway slightly at the person's side.
a person walks forward slowly nine steps.
someone walks forward 10 steps.
moving the hands and littly  band the legs and move front.
person moves by twitching both arms in a robotic way
person is doing robotic like movements
a figure springs forward and jogs.
a person takes a step forward, then hops forward.
the man takes a steps jumps then runs.
a person lifts their right arm and their right hand appears to press something in a cross formation from left to right, then top to bottom. then they repeat that action with their left arm and hand.
the person points with their right hand and then with their left hand
a person raises both arms laterally then lowers them. raises right arm to touch a screen in front of them, then raises left arm to touch the screen
a person walks in a curve to their right.
a person walks forward then to the right.
a person walks in a bend shape to the right.
person appears to pick up a cup and drink.
a person steps forward and picks up something and brings it up to his mouth.
a figure walks forward slowly then raises its right arm as if taking a drink
a person drinks a bottle using their right hand.
a figure drinks from a bottle.
the man is drinking  with right hand
a person stands relaxed seems to observe something
a person stands bent back nonchalant.
a person stayed on the place
person reached down and pick some thing up with the right hand and he’s carrying it.
a person bends down to their right to pick something up and then walks forward.
a person bends down, picks something up, and starts walking.
a person walks upstairs
a person walks up stairs.
a man walks up a flight of stairs.
a person stretches their arms over their head, touching their hands together, and then brings their arms back down.
the person stretched and put his arms over his head.
the person raises their hands above their head and puts their hands back down.
the person walks carefully up the stairs, then turn around at the top. they continue down the stairs.
a man climbs up steps, then climbs down the steps.
a person steps up on stairs turns around and 180 degrees and then walks back down the stairs
a man is in a squatting position and moves slightly.
a figure squatting, raising the right arm slightly and back down again.
a person sitting down as if driving raises his hand up
a person jabbing right arm like a boxer.
a person is punching with their right hand.
a man lifts his left arm up to head height, then chops at the air in front of him several times with his right han, before lowering his arms.
a person takes marching steps in various directions.
a person runs in a small area, knees lifting high and a slow, marching pace
a person starts jogging in place then begins marching in place, turning first to the left then to the right.
a man raises his hands and holds something up near his eyes like trying to scrutinize.
person looks through a phone or binoculars
a person raises their their arms.
a person jumps and spins in place, then when they land they run forward, stop, and run backwards
a person jumps and does a twist in the air.
figure jumps conducts a 360 degree turn and takes off running
the man gets on his hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person drops to their hands and knees, right hand and knee first, before crawling forward.
person gets down on floor and crawls forwards.
a person jogs in place.
a person jogs in place and then comes to a stop.
the person was jogging in place.
a person is sitting and stands up.
a person stands from a sitting position and makes a motion with both of his hands.
a person gets up, and goes on his phone.
a person puts his left and right arm into the air.
he does a trial then stops
a person stretches their arms from their hips to their head.
a person bows head deeply.
a man leans forwards with his head looking at the ground whilst his arms remain by his side, then leans back to his original position.
a man bends at the waste deeply in front of him.
the person was scratching and ready to attack.
a man down on one knee stands up and takes a stance of a southpaw boxer with his hands raised in a defense position.
a person on one knee stands up with their fist raised out in front of them.
a man waves and then beckons with his right hand.
person is waving  with the right hand.
a person waves with their right hand, then makes a similar motion but towards their mouth
the sim walks down the plane.
a person walks slowly forwards
beginning with his right foot, a man walks forward slowly.
a man raised his left arm.
a person brings their wrist up to look at a watch
a person looks at their left hand.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
rhe manstart with his right leg and rakes 4 steps in a curve shape to rhe right.
a man walks in an arc to his right.
a man steps backwards a few steps, then forward, then lifts his arms to head-level and moves them back and forth, bending them at the elbows.
a person is stretching their arms and back.
a person looks to shake their arms like they are warming up
a person walks to his left in a quarter circle.
a man steps forward, turning to his left as he walks, and stopping in a standing position.
a person takes five steps curving forward and to their left.
a person seeming to be working with arms placing things up and back and forth.
a person is rubbing something together in their hands then raises their right hand
person drinks from a bottle in their right hand before screwing a lid back on
the person pulls the book off of the shelf
a person pushes their hand forward and then lowers it.
the person is taking a cook off the shelves with his right arm.
a man slowly leans forward and moves around and carries a heavy object.
a person leans forward then hops back trying to catch something
the figure man is moving in a theatrical ways, hunching and walking sadly and dramatically.
person turns around so their back is facing the front. they then walk forward for a moment before sliding to the right.
a person walking hops to the side forward, reaching down to touch knee.
walking forward then to the side.
a person walks forward in a counter clockwise motion then clockwise mothion.
person walks in the shape of an s.
a person slowly walked in left direction and right direction
a standing person using their left foot firsty walks very slowly followed by their right foot behind them
person walks while slowly moving right foot first and then left leg
a person walking slow diagonally to the right.
a man turns to his right, steps forward, and begins to rotate his hips and swing his arms.
a person twists his torso back and forth swinging his arms and touches his right arm that he has hurt.
a person is turning their torso back and forth while waving their arms.
figure sits in an invisible chair, swiveling back and forth, and raises left hand to side of head while right arm goes back to sit atop the right knee.
a woman is sitting at a computer in a rolling chair intent on her work on the keyboard and the interactive screen using her right hand while she is manipulating papers with her left.
the man is seated and is putting his left arm to his head as if he is talking on the phone.
the person standing raise his arm in the side in a shoulder level once and put on the side back then move his left arm touching the right shoulder and move to the front, up and down front stretch then stop.
the sim is standing with both arms extended, closing them, appearing to press buttons with their left hand.
a person uses one hand to make gestures back and forward in front of their chest.
a man swings his arms to pick up a bucket and pour it out.
a person is removing an object from a wheel and then steering a large boat wheel.
person looks like he’s putting something on the wall.
a person does one jump forward.
a person jumps down off of something.
a person jumps forward with both feet.
a person walks up and down steps in a square pattern.
person steps upward, turns to their right and steps downwards, then proceeds to walk backwards.
a person going up an elevated surface then descending an eleveated surface
a person walks backwards several steps.
he does the seesaw backwards
a man takes slow, uneven, and tentative steps backwards.
cautiously leaping over the blocked walkway, while carefully stepping over whatever was in the way of him being able to step up on the ledge.
a person jumps over an obstacle, then high-steps over the obstacle, then steps up onto the obstacle.
a man turns to the left, then jumps over an object.
person stands knees bent forward then lifts arms shoulder height a few times
a person is standing still then raises their arm in a t-shape.
a person is sitting down, hands on his thighs.
crawling around then jumping up and running.
a person leaned on hends and strat to jump
person is crouched down on all fours on the ground, before crawling sideways to the left, springing upwards with both hands, then shifting back to the right, then getting up and taking a step backwards, then dashing forwards, falling back down on all fours, then falling flat on the ground.
a man climbs a step, walks forward a few steps, and then walks down a step.
a person steps up, then takes a few steps forward, before finally stepping down.
a man steps up, walks forward and then steps down.
person walked upstairs and then downstairs.
person walks up stairs, turns around then walks back down
a person walks up several steps, turns around clockwise, and walks back down.
moving hands side to side.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person bends picks up something turns to the right then turns back bends again and puts it back down.
moving forward and backward finally come on the same place.
a person moved in right and after left direction
the person walks to his left, walks back to his right, and turns back to his left again and returns to his original position.
a person swing with the legs and dance
person is doing a ballet dance
rhe man dances around waving his arms and kicking his legs.
a figure seems to be gesturing for people to run past or through or under their other arm
a person standing hold something with the left hand and then uses the right-hand to repeatedly strike it.
a person stands and holds something down with left hand while swinging right hand in a spanking motion.
a person bounces in place, waving his hands at his sides.
jumping up and down quickly.
a person is slightly jumping in place while their hands are flapping.
the person is pacing back-and-forth
pacing starting turned to the right then turning back to the left then turning and returning to center
a person walks to his right and then to the left and back to the original position
person is doing an upper body warm up.
a person waving one hand above their head
a character leans on right foot while lifting right arm into the air to perform a stetching motion bounce.
a person walks forward and then steps in place.
a person walks forward in a normal gait oh, then take several steps upwards as if on stairs.
the persin walked forwards and then backwards.
the person is playing the guitar with his right hand
person is playing guitar right handed
a man holds his left arm up and out, while his right hand makes a brushing motion in front of his chest, before lowering his arms to his sides.
a person walks slowly forward, puts hands on his hips then back down.
a person walks forward lazily and itches his sides with his right hand
the person is doing a ghetto walk.
a person takes a step forward and to his right.
a person takes a step.
a person does a diagonal right step.
a person walks forward and turns left to return back.
a person walks forward several steps, turns and walks backwards several steps.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, does a 180 degree turn and takes two steps back to where he started.
the person marches forward at an even pace.
the person is marching forward slowly.
coming forward with small dance.
figure does a jumping jack.
a person doing jumping jacks
the person is jumping with their hands up.
a person claps with his hands at should level.
person bringing both hands in front of their body and then clapping.
the person claps to a routine
a person walks forward, runs into something and bounces backwards, then he takes a step to the left and continues walking forward.
a person walks towards the viewer and appears to be startled by something in their path causing them to jump back and pause for a second and then they resume walking in the original direction.
a person walks forward in a southern direction, seems to stumble backwards, then continues walking forwards.
from a standing position person leans their head down to their right slowly, in front of their chest then back up kind of like a snake.
the man looks around on the ground for something.
the person is bending in a forward motion, they then move in an s-shaped pattern to arch their back and extend back up to an upright position.
someone sees something on the ground the they move slowly away from
a person stares at the ground then stands up straight
a person slowly leans back to the right and then lifts their left shoulder upwards.
a person walks at a moderate pace forward and to the right.
person person is walking towards the right.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one step forward, turns toward his right and takes another two steps and stops.
a man walks in a left angled curve, then walks in a right angle curve.
a person is walking quickly and stops to turn making a figure eight.
a person starts walks in a figure eight pattern coming back to the beginning.
a man runs back and forth from left from right.
a person jogs to the right and left then returns to their starting position.
walking from side to side quickly.
a persion doing jumping jacks.
a person does multiple jumping jacks.
a person doing jumping jacks in a single spot.
a person lifts his arms up in front of him, then mimics punching the air a few times. he then lowers his arms, and trots in a quick counter-clockwise circle.
the man lifts both hands then punches with them.  he then runs and turns 180 degrees around.
a person lifts arms, punches, and then runs in a circle.
a person limps forwards, holding their left leg.
a person is walking with a wounded leg
a man is walking forward whilst carrying a heavy object.
this person is standing in place while organizing items.
a person grabbed both hands and made some jesture
moving hands near chest then to face.
the person is jogging in place.
this person jogs forward then stops.
the man is jogging on the spot
a person walks buoyantly forward.
a person walks forward and climbs down something
a figure walks down steps
a person sways to the right.
the man is pushing from left side
a person standing for a long time may shift his weight from one foot to another.
a person, arms out to the sides, moonwalks in a counterclockwise half-circle.
a person walks backwards in a counterclockwise circle while using their arms to balance by keeping them outstretched at their side.
the person is walking the moonwalk.
a person steps back a few steps to squat to sit then. then gets back up again to a full standing position.
the man walks backwards, sits down, stands back up, then walks forward.
some takes two small steps backward and sits down, then stands up and takes two small steps forward.
a person picks something up and uses it as a tool before putting it back down on the ground
a man picks up something low with his right hand, then turns and reaches out for something with his left hand, holding it as he brushes it with his right hand, and then he sets both items back and ends in a standing position.
this person uses his right and left hands to gesture picking something up and moving it from left to right, and right to left
a person raises his right hand above his head and waves it.
a person raises his right arm above his head, makes a scratching motion with his right hand and then lowers his arm back down.
a person is scratching his head with his right hand.
a person jogs in place, pauses, then runs in place, then finishes by dropping into a squat, arms straight out to the side.
the person is jogging in place.
a person jogs for 3 seconds, then stands still for a moment, and then runs full speed for 3 seconds and stops; the person then crouches down and sits on their heels.
man stands still before walking backwards
the person is walking forward andback.
a person stands still and then walks backwards.
a person starts out squatting or sitting with hands on knees, raises his right forearm with fingers pointing up, and then he directs his right and left palms toward each other with slightly cupped hands, as if he is holding a ball.
character in sitting position with hands on knees lifts right hand as if to wave towards camera.
a seated person with both legs spread apart sits quietly, then suddenly raises their right hand.
a person steps forward, moves something diagonally back from right to left, then steps back.
a person picks something up with their left hand and sets it down to their side.
a person walks forward and touches something with his left hand.
a person walks backwards, in a straight line.
the person is walking straight backwards.
this person walks backwards and stops.
a person steps to the right and slowly sits down on the floor, their legs buckling as they do so.
the person sat down from a standing position.
a man kneels, then shakes his body.
the person is drinking out of a cup.
a person looks at their hands.
person stands in relaxed neutral position while raising hand towards face, then lowers hand back down to chest level while the torso is rotated slightly.
a person is walking down stairs.
a figure slowly walks down a staircase using railing as support
a person walks down some stairs, stopping in a standing position.
man stands straight up with his hands out in front of him and creates a patting motion in the air continuously.
a person's elbows are slightly bent, hands in front of the body and are moving back and forth along a steady plane.
a man moves around objects with both his hands.
the person pats something in front of them.
the man has a dry right arm
a person leans over slightly, left arm at their side, scratching something with their right hand.
a person is standing and lifting right arm.
figure raises hand then drops it
person is lifting a dumbbell with his right arm.
a man walks forward bending his knees.
a person walks down a flight of steps without the assistance of a railing.
a person walks down stairs.
a person moonwalks back and to the side, then moonwalks forward.
a person is leaning forward and moving erratically while walking slowly.
a person walks slowly back and to the right then walks forward
a person jumps in place, stops and then takes 3 quick steps foward
a person hops slightly, then gets pushed forward.
person is slightly hoping up in air
a person walks casually forward.
a person walks forward a few steps, moving slightly to the left, not quite in a straight line.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person, is walking up something very quickly.
a person climbs up stairs.
a person walks up a ramp briskly.
a sitting person dabs with left arm, then waves both arms in front of their chest up and down. then the person dans agin with the left arm, stands up, and walks forward and to its right.
a person jerks his left hand and left leg, waves his right hand while moving his left a bit. then they touch their shoulder and get up to walk away.
a man is slightly crouching, and he lifts his right arm to his chest, then his left hand to over his head, wiggles them both, then stands up, turns slightly to his right, and walks forward.
a person with arms up wipes somethings.
the person was wiping off something.
the man moves his hands and moves forward
a person does bicep curls with their right hand.
a person bends their right forearm up toward their shoulder twice.
a person bends its right arm multiple times.
a person walks forward, lifts their arm towards their head, walks backwards, lowers their arm, then lifts their arm towards their face.
walking forward with arm above head.
the person is rubbing the top of his head.
a person kicks at something in front of him with his right foot, like a soccer motion.
a person slowly scuffs the area in front of him with his right leg, then takes a step back.
person kicks with right leg as if kicking a soccer ball.
person takes one sidestep to their left
a person side steps to the left
a person takes a large step diagonally forward, to the left.
the person is jogging in place.
a person runs on the spot.
person does a bouncy jog in place.
a person standing still does nothing.
a person with their arms straight out from their sides, lowers them and places their hands down onto their thighs and then puts their arms back out again.
a person lifts both arms up from the sides and then lowers both arms back down.
a person steps forward, leans forward and picks something up.
person walks forward, leans over table and picks something up
a person walks forward to something, places his left hand on it, lifts his left foot, leans forward and grabs something with his right hand, then stands up and backs up a few steps.
a person shifts both of their hands to the right then drops them down.
a person is moving something with both hands.
a person picks up something to his left from about waist high and tilts it to the right as if to remove its contents.
the person is walking to the right curved.
a person walks forward and gradually bends his path to his right.
a person walks up then turns to the right
the person walked up to someone and greeted them.
a person is walking around and acknowledging people greeting him.
the man waves with his right arm one direction then turns 180 degrees and waves in the other direction.
a person picks up something and puts it to the side.
a man picks something from the left side and puts it on the right side.
person move something from the left to the right.
the person is posing on one leg
a person balances on one left and then tries to do it again on the other leg
a person stands on one leg and then the other.
a man has his arms extended outwards, then brings them down and back up again
a person lowers their hands and then raises them again to a t-position.
a person starts with knees slightly bent and arms fully stretched wide, places arms on thighs, then returns arms to out stretched position.
someone lifts their right arm up overhead and stretches to the left.
person raises right arm and bends twice to the left.
the person is doing a warm up leaning to the right.
raising arms towards face.
a person grabbed something and lean it near to face
a person leans back while taking a sip from a cup.
the person sits down and gets back up.
the man briefly looks back to ensure there is a place to sit. he then backs up, sits down, then stands back up and walks to his original position.
a man sits on a chair behind him and then stands back up.
the person was placing some thing in front of him.
a person is making a circular motion with his left hand then pushes people away.
the person stirs the pot of food then has a taste
a person moves something with their right hand, then does two clockwise motions with it, then seems to put an object inside something before pressing two more sections.
person is using a touch screen
a person waves their right hand around in front of them and then spreads their arms out.
the person pulled something from the right to the left.
a person tosses an object with both of his hands
person swings arms below the waist in a swooping motion, hesitates for some time while pivoting back and forth, then swings their arms over their torso as if to throw a football.
a person has right hand over stomach while walking in a circle.
he is walking around whole holding his belly with his right hand.
this person is hunched forward, hold his right arm close while walking in a circle.
person is facing front and then took a step backwards before swinging right leg out in front while twirling his body stand to right sided position, then proceeds to use the right leg to go left back to front position
a person walks forward; kicks waist high with right foot and returns to original position.
a man steps back, then steps forward, kicking vigorously with his right foot and sweeping it around in a tight counterclockwise circle, then steps back to his original position.
a person lowers his arms, grabs something with his right hand, passes it to his left hand and then raises his arms again.
the person is doing arm lifts with his right arm.
person puts something in one hand over to the other hand
person is speedily walking forward
a person walks forward a few steps and then stops.
a person walks quickly across an area with short steps and a semi-rigid body composure.
the man is he pacing  back and forth
person walks to the left then turns around and walks to the right before turning around and returning to starting position
a person paces back and forth several times from left to right.
a man shakes his body while holding his head in his hands, then bends down and ties his shoes.
a man hold his head while bending slightly forward and then bends to tie his shoe.
starts with clutching the head as if dazed and then lowers arms to side before crouching down and tying shoes.
a person kicks in front of them with their right foot.
a lady doing a kicking motion
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides brings his hands together while raising his right leg and kicks outward, then returns to his original position.
a person dances with someone.
a person waltzes back and forth with another person.
a person holds their arms up as if holding a dance partner's hand and back, then dances in a square pattern.
a person carefully sits down on the ground and crosses their legs.
a figure bends down to sit on the floor slowly and cross-legged
a person sit on the floor, while cross both legs
a person walks on a treadmill at a slow pace.
standing person begins walking continuously forward.
a man walks slowly forward.
a man claps his hands several times.
the person is applauding someone.
a person appears to be clapping their hands.
a person reaches forwards with their right arm and gestures vaguely.
a person points repeatedly with their right hand
a person raised right hand, and did some jesture with it
a person creeps forward with their knees and arms slightly bent.
a person is creeping around the room.
a person slinks forward to the other side of the room
a person is lifting dumbbell over their head
a person standing lifting arms up
a person who is holding his hands at the level of his head lifts both of his arms above his head two times.
a person walks forward avoiding a gap.
the character is simply walking forward at a normal pace.
a person walking slow forwaed
a person is standing straight, and bows forward slowly.
bending down then up.
a man leans forward and looks at the ground without moving his legs, whilst his arms remain almost motionless.
the man walks in an irregular circle returning to the starting point.
a person walks in a circle in an anticlockwise direction and stops at original position
person walks in a circle counter-clockwise casually
a person swings his right arm in an upper cut
a standing figure makes jabbing motions with his arms.
the man swings his right arm back and pushes it forward in a punching like motion.
a person takes a small hop forward.
a person hops forward once.
a person slowly jumped forward
a person stands waving with their right hand.
a standing figure waves and nods slightly.
a person raised the right hand and shake it
someone spreads their legs slightly and bends their left knee downward three times.
the person is doing a warm-up to the left.
a man starts off with his arms raised so his hands are parallel with his hips. he proceeds to make a lunge using his left leg.
the figure takes a step forward and picks up an object with their right hand staggers them and causes them to turn on their heel clockwise in a full circle.
a person pulls something as they're walking by it.
person walk to the right and pulled something up and did a twist.
a person stretches out their arms then buts their hands to their wait before raising the left hand to their face.
a person swings side to side then raises their left hand.
person stretches arms out and lets them fall to the side.
the person is playing a guitar.
a person strums a guitar with his right hand.
a person lifts their arms as if they're holding a guitar - holding the neck of the guitar with their left hand - and makes one strumming motion with their right hand before dropping their hands back to their sides.
the sim appears to bring a phone up to their left ear holding it in their left hand.
a person lifts an item with his left arm up to his face
a man raises his left hand to his head.
a person waves in large motion with their left hand
a person waves with their left hand.
person waves left arm over head as if to call someone
a person is doing a dance.
a person walks forwards doing ballet, skipping then raising one leg, then skipping and raising the other leg.
a person (likely female) is dancing with her arms and lifting her left leg up at the end
the person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks and does a right turn.
a man walks forward, the turns around and walks back.
a person bows to ready then gets in a martial arts ready stance.
person clasps their hands in front of them and biws slightly then turns slightly to the left and flexes left arm.
a person with hands together then steps back with their left foot and brings their arm back as well in a fighting position brings their arm back as well in a fighting position
the person was pushed to the left but did not fall.
the man stagers two steps to the right.
a trips to the left side.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forward at a normal speed then stops.
the person walks forward at a steady pace
a man stands up, walks in a circle, and sits back down.
walking in a circle then sitting
a man gets up from the ground, waks around in a circle and then sits down on the ground again.
a person lifts his arms to the side then down and back up
a person puts their arms out to the side then on their hips then back out to their sides
he put his hands on this thighs.
a person runs with low speed.
person is quickly running forward
person is running on a treadmill
the person had something in his hand turned around and said it on the ground.
walking backwards while bending down.
the man is facing forward turns around and with his right hand seems to be holding something, drops it, picks it up, and keeps walking.
this man is hopping side to side with their feet. both arms are moving to help woth the force
a person doing the running man dance.
a person moving in a jumpy happy motion
a figure walks forward and to a circular motion to the left
a man walks forward in a slow counterclockwise circle, stopping in a standing position.
person is walking in a circle
a person is walking with a kane.
a person using a walking stick
a hunched person holds their right hand out, leaning on it and walks.
walking backwards very quickly.
the person was backing up away from someone
a person abruptly staggers backwards.
a person steps forward slightly, the raises both their hands and places them together.
person brings hands together to chest height then pauses then turns around
a person steps forward, clasps hands, turns around and clasps hands again.
person is doing some kind of gesture
a man uses his right hand to unscrew something held in his left hand, then brings his right hand up to his mouth, moves it slightly, then repeats the process with his left hand.
crossing arms near face.
a person raising both right and left hands, interlocking them to stretch.
the person is stretching their arms out
the person stretching his arms with his hands together.
stretching while leaning forward.
a person taps left leg while rolling left arm
this person is standing on his right leg with his left foot on a step.
a person is pressing buttons on a screen.
a person lowers his arms then raises one hand and moves it back and forth.
the person was standing with his arms straight out at the side.
the person takes a big step left with its red leg.
a person slowly moved forward in right direction
a person takes a step to his right.
a person uses their right hand and arm to throw an overarm pitch, while supported by the left arm and hand.
a person is catching something (ball) and is throwing it.
a person throws a ball.
a person stands still with their elbows up.
a man stands with his hands and arms level to his shoulders.
a person stands in a static pose.
the person is doing the breast stroke.
a person swam somehwere slowly
a person swims forward slowly.
person moves something with both hands diagnoly
figure appears to be stretching out an item
a man is holding his arms up at the side and lowers them to then takes his hands midlevel and act like he is pulling something apart
a person is crouched down and walking around sneakily.
a person sneakily crouches while moving laterally to his right and then to his left.
a person sneaks away while walking sideways
a person side steps to the right followed by the left and back to the right.
a man sidesteps back and forth along the platform.
the person was walking sideways one direction then turn the other direction walk sideways and then back to the right direction.
a man is standing, bend forward at the waist, and reaches his right arm to the ground as if picking something up. he then stands up right.
a person steps forward with right foot, to pick up something with right hand.
the man walks forward and picks the ball up
moving arms in and out
the person was standing with arms outside vendor move his left hand in a triangle motion and then his right hand in a triangle motion.
a peerson moves their right hand in small motions in front of them, then does the same with their left hand.
person is jogging from left to right and then back to the center
the man runs to one side then back to the same spot.
a person starts in the middle, runs to the right, then to the left, then returns back to their starting position
a person hesitantly walks forward.
a person slowly walks forward in a straight line
a person walks forward very slowly
a person walks forwards quickly.
the person is backing up and then walking forward quickly.
a person walks in a diagonal direction.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a person pull down the hands and raised the up
a man bending a bit over his knees
a person stands at the edge of a cliff trying to steel themselves for a jump, but failing to jump off.
a man holds his arms out for balance and then takes a small jump.
the person jumped while standing in balance.
a person bends forward and ties their left shoe.
a person with their hands on their head, removes them, and then bends down to tie their shoe and then puts their left hand on their head.
a person with hands by their head bends down to tie their left shoe.
a person, standing, raises his right hand as if to check his watch and then lowers his hand back to his side.
person is checking the time
a person touches his chest with his right hand and then lowers his hand.
this person very carefully walks forward.
a person walks forward slowly with both of their hands on railings.
a person is walking forward slowly with the help of placing their right and left hands on some type of support.
a person uses hands to eat soup.
a person is eating something.
the person is standing still and appears to be lifting a container, opening or unscrewing the top of that container, and raising it to where the face would be, as if to take a sip.
a man walks in a circle.
a person walks around in a clockwise direction.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes three steps forward.
the person is walking straight forward
a person walks forward a few steps.
the person is walking back-and-forth.
a person walks back and forth, then returns to the starting position.
a person is walking forward a few feet, then turns around, walks back, and continues walking.
a person walks forwards slowly starting with their left foot and making 7 full steps.
a person walks forwards confidently.
someone walking in a strong manner
a standing person steps one step to their left.
he cleans the place then stops
a person is standing still, and then takes a step forward, to his left.
a person standing up and both arms up like a zombie
a person stands with their arms out straight
the person is standing completely stale.
a person moved in right direction
the person took a giant step to the right.
moving from side to side.
the figure is sitting or crouching and the hands move very minutely by the face as they eat.
person is eating a hamburger.
person is in a sitting position and brings hands up to face in motion of holding their head.
the person walks forward and a little to their right.
a person walks several steps forward.
a person confidently walks forward
a person sits, moves hands and arms in a left and right motion and lifts right foot off the ground.
subjects standing forward in a crouched position with arms level to their head waving them slowly
a man seated and puts his hands around  an object.
a person steps back to look at something, puts it down and steps forward again.
a person steps backwards, bends down and picks up something from the ground.
a person sits down in a chair, then gets back up.
a person walks forward slowly trying to keep their balance.
the man walks forward slowly in a non straight line, swinging his arms.
a person standing with his arms to his sides takes five steps slowly forward and stops.
a person stayed on the place and after throw something
the sim is standing, appearing to throw a football with their right hand.
a person throws something with one hand, then throws with two hands.
a man standing appears to be drumming or hitting something.
a man stands and moves his hands up and down trying to beat something.
a person moving hands up and down in front of them.
the person is working forward.
a person walks forward normally
a person walks forward with slow strides.
a person does a throwing motion with their right arm.
a person moves their right arm over their shoulder as if to throw something.
a person throws something hard
the person is doing a leg stretches.
a person does multiple kicking motions with his right leg
this person while standing on his left leg moves his right leg to the front and back.
this person moves both arms from sides to the front then to the sides again.
a person places their hands in their lap and then raises their arms above their sides.
a person is standing, the brings both arms up parallel to shoulder level and perpendicular to the body
person slides to the right.
the person slides to their right quickly.
a person takes a giant step to the right and then drags their left foot along.
a person stretches out their arms and then moves their arms around.
moving hands in and out.
a person letting their arms drop from a t pose and and then moving arms in a weird way
this person reaches forward with his right hand then places an item near his left hand.
a person rubs an object on their left arm with their right hand.
a person leans over to pick something up with his right hand then makes a jerking motion with his right hand, puts something down using his right hand.
a figure walks up hill.
a person walks down hill.
this person walks forward slowly.
a man walks in a zig zag
a person walks over rough terrain.
the person is walking in a zigzag shape.
a person takes a step backwards with his right foot, then performs a kick, kicking out forward with that foot.  he raises his arms up to around chest height as he does the kick.  after the end of the kick, he puts his arms down, back to resting position, and steps backward with the right foot again.
a person turns his body towards his right and then kicks with his right foot.
a person turns slightly to the right, then takes a kick forward with his right foot.
a person puts his right hand forward.
moving the right  hand on right side.
a person opens up a sliding door.
a person walks with purpose to the far left.
a person walks in a half cresent counter clockwise
a person walks in a curved line
a standing figure makes an overhand throwing motion with his right arm.
the person is throwing the ball with his right hand.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person walks slowly forward and ever so slightly to the right, then stops; body language seems aggressive.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides walks down steps and stops.
a person slowly walked downstairs
the man picks up a brushes nd brushes someone's hair then puts the brush back down.
the person picks something up and uses it, and then returns it.
a person grebbaed something and put it somewhere
a person swims a breast stroke.
a person is doing a breast stroke
the person is swimming the breaststroke.
a person walks to the right and starts to jog and then reverses and runs back the opposite direct and then does this 2 more times.
a person ran in left and after right direction and returned
a person starts running from side to side, starting with going to their left, as if warming up for a running play.
a person beckons for someone to come here.
a figure gestures for the viewer to come closer, beckoning them
the person is directing traffic with both hands.
the person is drying his right arm.
the person holds something with one hand while scrubbing with the other.
a person is drying their right arm
person walks forward and stumbles
person takes two steps forwards before taking one huge step to the right, then walking forwards again.
the person was walking forward and was pushed from the laugh but did not fall down.
a man walks from side to side
a person walking straight forward.
a person takes purposeful strides forward.
a person performs a right side kick.
a person shifts their right leg forward up and to the left in a quick kick.
a person kicks high with right leg.
someone is doing jumping jacks
a person does standard jumping jacks, coordinating arms and legs in three jumps.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
walking backwards very slowly.
a person walks backwards starting with his left foot
the person is walking straight backwards.
a man does 3 star jumps.
a man does several jumping jacks.
the man does 3 jumping jacks.
a person bend the body, in righ and left direction
a person stretches by putting one hand on their hip and stretching the opposite arm over their head, and then switches to the other side.
the person lunges from side to side. they lift their right arm up and stretch while leaning to the left. they lift their left arm up and stretch while leaning to the right.
a person bends down with their hands on their knees into a crouching position, then straightens back up, bracing their hands on their thighs.
a person sit down on the knee, and strech it
a person squats, pauses then starts to stand back up.
a person moves their arms around.
waving arms side to side.
a man opening up his arms and started dancing.
person is jumping up and down.
this person jumps up and down in place.
a man hops in place a few times without moving his arms, then moves his arms slightly to the sides.
a person walks forward, leans down and wipes something with their left hand, as if to clean it.
a person leans over the table while cleaning it
the man takes a step and bends raising a foot to wipe a table.
person gets up from floor
swaying from side to side.
a person stands up from laying on the ground.
a man sits down cross-legged on the ground, then stands back up.
the person sat down on the floor.
a person uses their arms to help them sit down on the ground with their legs crossed, but they then quickly get back up.
a person lifts their arms from the side to the front.
a person fully extends both arms.
a person holds an object with both hands.
a person stretches their arms forward and to the side.
a person raises their arms out to their sides, then out to their front and then back out to their sides.
a man with his arms extended to the sides lowers his arms to his sides, raises his arms in front of him, lowers his arms to his sides and raises his arms to his sides again.
a person walking forwards gingerly steps over an object in their path.
someone walking and taking one large step
he steps over the gap
someone takes a small hop and then a few steps forward
a person jumps then brings their hands toward each other at chest height, lowers their arms, then walks forward.
the toon has both arms up, jumps in place before walking the short plane.
a person lifts both arms up over his head and then stretches to the left and right
a person raises their arms over their head and sways side to side to stretch and then drops arms.
a person reaches over their head and stretches from side to side.
a person jumped on the place
a person quickly grabs themselves with their arms.
the person is posing with their arms crossed.
man runs in a half circle.
a person runs left, fakes a move, then runs right.
running fast on the floor.
a person jumps up and down on both feet while circling both arms forward in time with the jumps.
this person is jumping in the air.
a person is skipping with a rope
a figure hops up and down once then walks forward
person does a small hop and then takes a quick step forward
a person hops in place, then takes a couple of steps forward.
a person sits down on something, which deflates or breaks beneath him as he shakily sinks closer to the ground.
sitting down one time.
sit slowly on the floor.
jumping and then kicking foot.
a person kicks a ball with their right hand.
a man kicks a ball with his right leg.
the person writes words on the chalkboard
he does a displace slowly
the person pick some thing up in tilted on its side
a man walks forward and turns to the right.
a person walks curving to the left.
the person walked forward and turned left.
a person while standing in the same position swings his arms back and forth.
a person swings both of their arms, bringing their hands together at the front and spreading them apart towards the back of the swing.
a person moves arms in and out in front of his body.
a person runs forward quickly.
the person sprints forward diagonally
a person runs really fast.
the person worriedly clasps and wrings their hands, then drops their arms by their sides.
a person checks time on watch.
a person rubs their hands together in front of their body
the sim appears to run & step / side jump over an object.
person just did a whole jump.
a person jogs forward and leaps over an object using their right hand.
the man jumps up and twirls his body in a full circle before his feet land.
the toon is standing jumps & spins before landing in the same place.
the person did a clean jump.
a person stretches their hips, then arms, then bends forwards and steps forwards.
the person is standing still doing body stretches.
person stands and holds hips moves left to right  raises left and right arms and walks forward
a person raised the hands and after sit down on somewhere
man starts with hands stretched out sideways by his shoulders, lifts them down, then claps his hands together, then walks and sits down
moving arms then walking and sitting down.
a person steps forwards to a surface and seems to do some work.
the person walks forward and adjusts something in front of them.
man walks forward and pours a hot cup of tea.
a person walks diagonally forward
the man walked forward, forming a forty-five degree angle.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks forward a little to the right.
a person walks forward at a brisk pace.
a person hops from left to right in a circular motion.
jumping forward on one foot.
a person walks forward then jumps to the right and jumps to the left before making one final jump.
the person is greeting someone.
a person greets with right hand and then with both hands.
someone raises their right hand and as they are lowering it they move their left hand to their hips. they then raise their right hand again before lowering and then raising both hands. they place their left hand on their hip while raising their right again.
a standing person brings their left foot behind them.
a person stands still with their weight resting on their left leg
a standing figure with his arms at his side raises and shakes his right leg.
a person walks forward with a macho stride.
a model struts the cat walk.
a person performing a stylish macho like walking
a person throws his right hand in the air.
a man throws something overarm.
a person who raises their right arm to throw a item
the person is walking very slow.
the person takes four slow steps forward, then stops.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person steps forward, leave over and picks something up with his right hand and something with his left hand, then uses what is in his right hand to caress what is in his left hand before returning both items to their original places.
the person is turning on the shower with their right arm.
the man bends forward to pick something up, then switches his hands to place it in front of him.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, then spins around then walks back.
a person walks forward, stops, turns around and walks back to where he started.
a person walks backward, then moves forward while lunging.
a person walks backwards a few steps, bends his right leg behind him, leans forward on his left leg, and touches his right palm to the ground.
the person is doing the crouch stand back and forth.
a person walks forward and picks up and moves a heavy object.
a person starting in a right forward lunge makes a motion as if to lift something, turns to the right then puts the object down.
a person picks up a heavy object with both hands and places it on their right side behind them.
a person puts their hands together, leans forwards slightly then swings the arms from right to left
a man stands with his hands lowered and moves them like trying to put a golf ball in a hole.
the person is putting his golf ball.
a person walks forward and towards the right.
a person walks towards the left side.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
the person moves the tray from the right side to the left side
person standind gestruring moving an object from left to right side
taking some thing one side of the floor putting on that other side.
the person backed up and sat down.
person moves slowly before bending down into a sitting own with legs raised
a person quickly sits down shakily
this person jogs forward then stops.
a person jogs forward.
a person slowly jogs forward.
a person walks forward careful not to step on something on the ground.
this person walks slowly forward taking large steps.
a person slowly walked forward
the man starts in a pose with both arms extend out to both sides.  he then moves both arms down to his side to a relaxed position.
a person brings arms slowly down and bends hands inward.
the person slowly drops his arms.
a person slowly walks forward a few steps, ending in a standing position.
a person walks forward with both arms at their side not swinging
man calmly walks forward standing straight up and hands to his sides.
the subject takes 2 steps backwards, left leg moves back first followed by the right leg.
someone is standing, and then staggers backwards as if pushed.
a man stands still, before suddenly staggering backwards and slightly to his right, then stands still again.
this person appears to play tennis.
a person rights forward with their right leg, then throws something with their left hand.
a person swings their left arm then stands still.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person walks straight ahead
a person walks forward slowly.
a person bends to his right to touch something.
a person is standing and loses their balance.
a person who is leaning slightly to the left with his arms to his sides reaches down with his left hand and then stands back up with his arms to his sides and finishes by leaning slightly to the left.
a person opens something and takes a drink from it.
the person is putting shampoo on their head and then closing the lid
man fills a cup with his left hand  and takes a quick drink with his right, before placing the cup back down
a person moving left and right briskly.
a person aggressively walks forward.
a person skips across the ground until reaching the other side with their right foot extended.
person stands with feet wide apart lifting  right arm shoulder length then lifts left arm up as well and stays in position
a person holds one arm out to his side and then lifts the other arm and does the same.
a person lowers his left arm and holds it there, and then raises it again, outstretched and at shoulder level.
a person sits down and gets up.
a person walks forward, turns around and squats. then stands up and walks back the direction it came from.
a person walks forward, turns around then sits down in a chair.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides reaches over with his left hand to uncork a bottle, raises his right hand, drinks from the bottle and drops both hands to his sides.
he drinks a bottle with his right hand
a person lifts right arm in a pouring motion and raises left arm in a drinking motion.
the sim is standing with their arms extended bringing them inward & outward appearing to be in a exercise routine.
a fighter enters the ring and addresses the crowd. lets get ready to rumble
a person lifts their arms above their head.
person stans straight with hands to the side. hands move slightly but not much and person does a small hop forward
a person bends their knees slightly jumps forward and stops.
a man takes a small jump forward.
the person starts throwing something across
moving arms above head once.
a person shakily throws with their right hand.
a person is walking around with one raised
a person walks to the right with their right hand holding something on their shoulder. they walk in an anti-clockwise circle.
the person walks in a circle with its red arm raised.
a person is stirring something with their right hand.
a man is stirring something with his right hand.
a person in a standing position uses their right arm to make circles in front of the body in a counterclockwise motion like stirring.
a person is moving to the left and right, trying to dodge something
a person is dodging things flying at his head
walking side to side and leaning.
a person is sitting and making small movements with their arms and legs.
the person is making a phone call with his left hand.
a man, seated, puts his hands around a steering wheel.
a person kneels down on their knees.
a person raises both arms to a t pose, takes one step forward and lowers to both knees
person kneels down balancing with right hand
a person walks down stairs briskly.
a. person walks forward with a fast pace.
the person walks forward at a very steady pace
persons raises right hand to right ear then puts hand out in front of them before bringing it to chest level
a person throws and object with his right arm.
user raises right hand, then perceds with a throwing motion then puts lefgt hand together and pulls both hands back while keep legs stationary
a man walks slowly forward with his arms outstretched, shoulder height.
the toon is walking forward with both arms full extended, before closing them and stopping.
a person walks with their arms straight out and placing their feet directly in front of each other as if walking on a narrow beam.
a person naturally and casually forward.
a man walking forward slowly.
someone walks forward, drifting slightly to the right.
this person lifts both arms and strums to the right.
a man imitates strumming a guitar in his arms
figure strums the air in a guitar picking motion.
the person is flapping his arms like a chicken.
a person makes chicken wings with their arms.
a figure with great coordination does elbow downward with a strong centre
the person turns to the side and starts doing alternating jump lunges then returns to a normal standing position.
a person standing and then turns to his left and kneels with his right knee and then switching to his left knee then back to his original position in an exercise practice
a person lunges to the left, jumps up and lands in a lunge, and then jumps up to stand with feet forward, shoulder length a part.
a person with his hands down by his sides reaches down for something with his right hand, uses the object to make a stirring motion, then places the item back down.
a person reaches down as if to grab, shakes their hand at crotch level, then reverses the action.
a man reaches towards his right hip to slide something across a table.
the person takes a few steps and starts jumping while rotating their ams.
a person readies their jump rope and then begins skipping rope.
a person holds out their hands to the side and rotates them as if theyve a skipping rope. they jump with both feet at first and then each foor alternatively.
someone standing with both shoulders high and later raises his right hand up and back down.
a man holds his right hand over his head and appears to scratch it.
a person grabbed soemthing with right hand and leaned it near to face
the person stretches their right and left arms above their head.
a person stands with his left arm held up over his head and his right arm hangs down, he then switches arms and holds his right arm up and his left arm down.
a person stands with their left arm raised, lowers it then raises their right arm, then lowers their right arm.
a figure swings its arms upward, simulating a slashing motion
the man is playing with a sword
a person performing from what it looks like sword swings
a figure walks forward and to the left in a semicircle
person is walking in a circle
a person walking counter clockwise
a person walks forward at a good pace.
the person took a bunch of steps walking forward.
a person walks forward then stops.
a person is limping with their left foot and holding their left side, then stops, turns to their right, and sprints diagonally back across the same area.
slowly band and coming forward and running back.
a stooped person limps forward and to the left, the turns around and runs back and to the right.
the person walks forward and takes a bow
a person walks slowly forward, clasps hands and bows down and up.
a person walks forwards and bows
a figure puts two objects together from opposite positions.
a man stands with his arms outstretched at the shoulders then uses both arms to diagonal across his body, meeting the hands in the center, then returning back to a standing position with arms outstretched at the shoulders.
a person pulls two objects together at and above shoulder height twice.
a person does a strange maneuver, as if they are about to fall over.
a person puts both their hands on their hips.
a person stands in an odd position.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks backwards diagonally
a person walks backwards cautiously.
a person wipes their hands on their upper legs.
the person was wiping his leg and small circles.
person stands with slightly bended knees, places both hands on hips and then raises arms out to sides.
a person picks something up and places it to the left.
a man twists trunk to left then right.
a man lifts something at thigh level with both arms, then sets it down again a few feet to the right.
the person you’re stepping in for something theories it
a person walking forward with a over exaggerated gate
a person walks forward, moving from right to left. making a single large step in the middle.
person puts up both hands to their left, as if to catch something or shield their face.
the person twists the upper body towards the blue side of the body (left), raises both hands while leaning upper body back towards the red side (right).
the person is standing still and raises both their arms up in front of them towards their head height on the left hand side
the person pick some thing up and tilted it on its side.
a person holds out both hands at thigh level, then puts left arm to right forearm, then puts both arms down again.
person opens a drawer and puts something in it
a person sitting down, with their hands slightly elevated.
person in a seated position slightly lifts left arm that's bent at the elbow.
a person eats with their left hand
a man blocks, and follows up with a kick.
person raises both arms half way as if to guard oneself then proceeds to take a step with right leg and then kick with left leg
a man steps forward while holding his hands to his face, then kicks with his left leg and then steps backward.
a person holds their left hand palm up next to their head and strums their right hand back and forth in front of their chest.
a person holds a violin with their right arm, and uses the left arm to strum.
a man hold an object with his left hand and plays it like a violin.
a person walks counterclockwise and forward in a half loop.
a person who walks at a bend towards the right.
a man walks forwards while curving to the right.
stick figure looks to be pulling objects off a shelf with his left arm
a person reaches with their left arm 5 different times in 5 different locations.
a individual is standing still, using their left hand as to grab & replace an item on a shelf they do it four different times.
someone runs backwards in a counterclockwise motion.
a person appears to be moving backwards in a circle.
the girl moved her right hand forward to reach out for the paper slowly.
the person placed something to the left in front of them.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides steps forward, picks up an object and puts it down, then steps back and resumes his original position.
the person moves forward and moves right hand to the left to grab something.
a man is standing in one spot jumping up and down.
a person stands with their hands at their sides and makes several small hops without bending their knees.
person is light hopping up-and-down
a man sticks out both hands, appears to pick something up, holds it in his right hand, braces it with his left hand, and then sets the invisible object down
a man reaches under something with both hands lifting it up and then closes something with his left hand.
a person grabs something with both hands, looks at the underside of it, then puts it back
person jogs from right to left and then back to where they started
a person runs right, left, and back the begining.
a person jogs to his right, turns and jogs to his left, turns and jogs to his right.
a person takes a quick step backwards.
a person steps backward unsteadily.
this person steps backwards as if frightened.
someone is standing up in a stretchong motion waving their arms in a circular motion
a person casts something forward with both arms.
the person is throwing with both hands.
a person, walks, climbs up 3 steps, and reaches out their hand for something.
a person climbs up a ladder
the person is climbing up to reach some thing.
a man turns to the right in swings his right arm.
a person swings his right arm in an upward motion, as if they are punching something taller.
a boxer throws an overhand right punch.
a person jumps in the air once.
a person stands still and jumps up once.
a person does a small hop.
a person lifts their arms to their side.
someone does exercises by raising both arms
the person is in a sitting position with his arms in front them when they raise their arms out to the side, lower them, and raise their arms again before bringing them back to their original position.
a man seems to be holding something in his left hand and uses his right hand to run along the length of it, and does this several times.
a person is handing a object with both hands.
a person clumsily coiling a rope into their left hand.
a person looks through binoculars or a camera.
the sim is standing still brings both hands in front of their face, before rotating from left to right.
a person is looking around using binoculars
a person appears to be jumproping, then puts both hands together
a person grabbed something and started jumped
the person hops in place as if using a jump rope.
a person holds the violin with left hand, and plays with the right hand
a person plays the violin, holding it with their left hand and strumming it with their right hand.
the person is playing the violin with both of his hands
a person walks in a circle, counter-clockwise.
person is walking in a circle
person walks in a circle counter clockwise.
a man walks forward and backwards.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person walks forward, turns clockwise and walks back.
person is applauding someone with happiness.
a man claps his hands, while turning around at the waist.
a person is clapping multiple times
both hands on the inside of the thighs as the left hand lifts up in the air and back down to the thigh.
a person with hands on their knees, raises his left hand.
a person puts their hands on their knees then waves with their left arm.
person is doing jumping jacks.
a person jumps up and puts both arms and hands above his head then down to his side and rrepeats
a person is doing jumping jacks.
person is walking straight ahead
a person walks forward a few steps
the man take 5 steps forward.
a person is stirring something with his right hand.
a person stirs an object with their right hand.
a person moves around his right arm.
a person has both his hands together.
the toon is standing, swaying a bit, making the motion as to be washing another toon's hair at a salon.
someone is giving and intense shoulder rub
a man walks diagonal down, then turns and walks diagonal up, then turns and walks diagonal half-way and stops.
a person walks back and forth on a diagonal
the sim walks from one end of the plane to the other, several times stopping near the far side of the plane.
a person sat on something and leaned the right hand near to face
a person in a squatting position shakily and nervously lifts their right hands to the direction of their face 4 times
the person is eating with the right hand.
a person is crouched and brings both hands together then seperates them again
the persoj brings their hands inward and downward and then moves them back to their starting positions.
person is sitting down with hand hanging in the center
waving arms around randomly quickly.
a person quickly hops from one foot to the other, then quickly makes a counterclockwise circle with their right forearm, and then makes a jump shot like in basketball.
a person shuffles his feet and then swings his right arm overhead.
the person backed up and sat down.
a person lowers their hands from shoulder height, sits down and gestures with their right hand.
the person is stretching its arms out then sits down on a chair.
had something in its hand, goes to put in in its other one.
man is walking forward with right hand raised in a waving motion and then makes a tumble motion with both hands.
a person walks forward, stretches their arms out, then brings their hands to the middle and makes a circular motion.
a person spins their hand in a circle, pretends to type, the taps with their right hand twice.
a person is standing and showing descriptive hand motions used by basketball referees to represent fouls of traveling, double dribble and carrying.
a man was trying to signal basketball
a man strides quickly from one side to the other
the person walks in a path that curves to their left.
a person walks briskly forward in an curved line
the sim walks down the plane in a wobbly fashion.
a person walks while holding on to handrails.
a man carefully and slowly walks across a room.
a person does jumping jacks.
a man does 4 jumping jacks in place
a person is doing starjumps
a person walks a normal speed swaying their arms.
a person slowly walked forward
the person is walking forward normally.
person takes a quick step forward
he takes two short quick steps forward.
a person staggers one step forward.
a person jumps forward with both feet.
jumping forward one time slowly.
a person take a big leap forward
a person walks forward and turns to the right.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person walks forward leading with their right foot stopping after five steps.
it looks like the person is taking care of his shoes
a person squatting and hunched over, uses their hands in a gathering motion to prepare something; they then stand and wipe their brow with their right palm.
a man is bent on the ground appears to be tying his shoe then stands up and brings his right hand to his face.
a walking person suddenly gets staggered to their left, then recovers.
someone begins walking then seems to trip to the right before correcting the path they were on.
a person walks a few steps, then loses their balance and waves their arms up while moving to the side, then takes a few more steps.
jumping up and down in place.
a person jumps several times on the spot.
a person jumping in one spot
a person walks backwards.
this person is walking backwards.
walking backwards while moving hands.
a person clapping with his hands
a person claps their hands several times.
a person claps their hands.
a person sits down and leans back.
a person lowers to sitting position.
a person squats into a deep seat of some kind.
the person standing still with her hands down with her side.
a person stands still with arms down at their sides.
a person stands still with both arms at their side
a person gets on hands and knees and crawls forwards.
the person is crawling on his knees.
a man crouches down and crawls on his hands and knees.
a person walks forward at a regular pace.
a person walks forward at a brisk pace
the person is walking very fast.
a person is stretching his left hand to his right side.
a person turns to the right several times while extending their arm and returning to their original position between each turn.
a person uses left hand to reach over to the right.
a man walks in a slow clockwise circle, though he turns sharply to his right before the circle is complete, then turns again sharply to his left before stopping.
a person slowaly walked forward and made a circle
a person is walking around the room.
a person grabbed something with right hand and put it somewhere
a person walks forward, cuts something with their right hand, sets the knife down and walks backwards into the beginning position.
a person walks forward and touches and object then walks back.
a person is walking in a circle
a person walks slightly to the right
person walks backward, forward, and on a diagnol
a figure takes a few steps backwards, as though measuring, then walks in the shape of a triangle seeming to measure their steps
a person walks in a triangle pattern by first walking backwards, then forward for the second leg, then stepping sideways to close the shape before finishing a couple of steps backwards again.
a person hops twice, crouching slightly before each jump and keeping their arms low at their sides.
a person hopping up and down.
the person is jumping up and down.
person appears to open some thing pick something up and put it near their face or mouth.
a person is shifting from side to side while picking up an object from one side and moving it to the other.
a person appears to pick something out of a bag with his right hand, eat it, and repeat this three times
man walked in a 90 degree angle foward and turned around completely to walk back from starting point in a 90 degree angle.
a person walks forward turns to the left and walks back to same spot.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction adn after returned back
a person is holding both his hands raised.
the figure stands with their arms stretched out to their sides, unmoving.
person is standing with arms fully spread out, palms down. remains motionless
the person gets on their hand and knees and crawls around.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forward to their left and back around to the right.
a man goes down on the floors and crawls around the room.
the person is stretching his arms out wide
a person remains sitting down the entire time.
a person moves to put their hands on their thighs, then stretches their arms back out to the side.
moving hands side to side.
standing person reaching to picj something up turning to side to hand it off or set it down.
the person seems to pick up a box and place it to the right of them.
a person rotates their shoulders forward in a circular motion while they bring their hands up to their sides.
person moves arms in a cradle position up and down and bounces
this person is rolling their shoulders back to front with arms out to the sides.
a person stands still and then bounces their hand as if playing with a yo-yo
the person is bouncing the right arm up and down.
the man is bouncing a basket ball and then loses the ball.
the sim appears to grab an object with both hands before replacing the object to their right side.
the person pick something up in tilted it on its side.
a person is standing then leans to the left to pick up something and places it on top of something to the right then leans back over to the left to pick up something and place it on top of something to the right again.
the person crouches down and sits on the floor.
slowly sitting on the floor.
a person crouches down to sit.
a person stands in one spot, bounces their upper body, and pretends to walk with their hands
a person shifts their partially lifted arms around before gesturing to stuff something inside of something.
a person is acting as if they are an animal.
a person walks forward several steps and then stops and stands.
a person walks forward 4 steps and stops.
a person takes a few steps forward.
person slowly walks forward before coming to a stop
a person walks very slowly forward.
a man walks forward very slowly, keeping his arms still at a side, and stops in a standing position.
a person walks a path that bends to the left.
a person takes one step forward, then turns and walks to the left.
a person walks towards his left.
a person raises their arms in the air and bounces up and down.
a person raises his hands above his head and bounces up and down on his toes.
a person raises their arms and bounces several times on their toes.
a person lifts something to their face and wobbles their body in circles.
a person raises their right hand to their face, standing exhausted.
a person is looking to his left, looking down and then looking to his right.
the person was stomping with his right foot.
a person stomps their right leg.
a person slowly stomping their foot.
a man is walking forward, spins around anticlockwise on his left foot the walks back to where he started from
the person walks forward, turns counterclockwise and walks back to starting position.
a figure spins in a half circle after taking a few steps forward.
a man pushes his arm overhead as though throwing something, brings his hands together, then repeats the throwing motion.
a person throws something with its right hand.
a man throws something above his right shoulder.
a person stands still for a moment, and then staggers forward.
a man takes two steps forward.
this person stumbles forward a short distance.
the person takes a sit than gets up
the person backed up and sat down in the chair.
a man is digging a hole.
a person standing still then suddenly  stepping back out of the way
the man is pushing from the front
the person was pushed backwards.
a person swings a golf club.
a person hits a golf ball.
a man makes the motion of a golfer, pretending to hit a ball with a golf club.
a person slowly walked by making the circle
a person is walking in a circle clockwise while holding something on his back with both hands
the man throws his arms behind him and walks in a circle.
a figure stretches itself out, starting bent over at the waist and then shimmying up and down before raising arms outstretched
the man is moving his head and body
the person looked down and his wiggling his arms.
a person walks forward carrying something.
a woman walks at a steady pace while holding something with both hands facing up.
as a person is walking forward he raises and drops both arms, then raises his right hand and moves it left and right.
a person walks forwards and swings their arms up
in this one a person is stand
a person who is standing with his arms held head high lifts his arms above his head, twice.
the man lifts a dumbell over his head
a person is performing a lifting motion over their head
someone being pushed back a few steps
a person is standing with their right arm slightly outstretched before taking a quick step backwards.
person moves backwards. they take a few steps back
a person walks forward, turns around, stumbles, recovers and continues to walk forward, turns and then limps forward.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back, then trips and turns around again walking forward with a limp.
the person is walking across a room, trips, and then continues walking with a slight limp.
this person walks around from left to right and sits down and then gets back up.
the person is walking from the left to the right to sit down.
a man walks in a semi-circle to the left, sits down in a chair and then stands up again.
a person steps forward, plants their right foot and spins, walking back to where they started.
a man walks forwards and then pivots back in a clockwise half circle.
a person is walking forward, spins around on their right foot, then walks back to where he came from
a standing person shuffles to the right as though they were pushed
a person gets pushed to the side
a person fastly moved in rigth direction
figure lifts left foot up to right inner thigh, then spreads arms out wide, holding this postion momentarily. figure then drops arms and left leg, proceeding to move to the left and spread legs wide.
a person balances on their right leg.
a person is stretching his left leg in the air.
a person ballet dances in a triangle.
a person is dancing as he taps his feet and moves his arms up and down and around.
the ballet dancer practices their routine
a person in a very delightful mood
this person is waving their hands all around.
a person swings their right hand to his left side with their left hand on their hip, then lifts both hands above their head, brings them back down and proceeds to swing both arms from right to left to right.
swingin arms and kicking feet.
a person starts punching and kicking the air.
the person was his wiggling his arms and wiggling his feet.
a person takes large, hopping, steps sideways from right to left.
a person bounces to the left twice and back towards the right twice with their hands cradled in front of them.
a man jumps sideways to the right and then to the left.
the person is walking backwards to wash something.
a figure walks over to an object, picks up said object, walks back over to original position to use object on a surfave, then walks the object back to its original place.
a person walks forward, picks something up, then washes something with the item he picked up
the man holds something above his left shoulder and rubs it with his right hand.
the person is strumming the violin .
a person fiddles a violin with their right hand.
he acts like a big cow
a person is hunched over.
a person bends forward at the waist with his hands out in front of him as he looks to his left and then straight ahead.
someone takes steps to the left then to the right raising their hands
this person walks left then waves with left hand, turns and walks right then waves with left hand again.
a character paces around left to right placing their hand close to their head to shield the sun.
a man holds his arms out side to side and then interlaces his fingers to give them a good stretch as he bends them backwards.
a man stands and stretches his arms and hands in front of himself.
the person standing in the middle raise his hands in the side and then up above, over his head touching hands together then down, back to normal position.
a person appears to play a violin.
a person raised the right hand and grabed it with left
the person moves their hands as if playing a violin.
a person propels himself and takes a long jump
a person jumps forward and to the left.
a person slowly jumped forward
while squatting, a person makes circular gestures with their right hand.
the figure starts in a squatting position, and waves with its right (our left) hand and then moves it in a circular motion, before lifting both arms into a defensive stance, and then dropping them back down in a resting on knees position and remains there for the rest of the video.
a person in a squatting position rotates their hand in a counter clockwise rotation and then touches both their shoulders with there hands.
a person walks forward on a beam with outstretched arms for balance.
the person is walking over the balance beam.
a man holds his arms out to either side and takes a few careful steps before, stopping in a standing position.
the person does an underhand throw
a person catches something and throws it back several times.
a peron standing and moving arms
person walks forward and sits on high chair
a person walks forward, turns right, and then climbs onto a high stool using his right hand and leg while his left keeps balance, sits for a moment, hops off and walks back to where he started.
the person is sitting on a stool
a person performing a right handed straight punch
a person punches with his right hand.
a person turns slightly to the left, then extends their right arm rapidly at head height.
person starts to hesitantly walk backwards until the they stand still.
a person takes a few steps backwards, and then carefully takes more steps backwards while ascending.
a man walks backwards and then up some stairs.
a person reaches for something with both hands, the raises their left hand then sets its hands back down.
a person tilts object on its side.
stick figure stands an object up holding it a few seconds before setting it back down
a person slightly walked on right direcation
a person stands still then with right leg stepped right.
a man makes a step to the right side and then stops.
a young girl grasp the pencil in her left hand to write a sentence to her techer she got angry when she couldnt think of  what to write.
a person has both hands in front.
the person stands with tehir arms stretched out in front of them.
a standing person raises their right arm and points towards their left, then points straight ahead and lowers their arm.
a person extends their right hand, moves the hand to the right and puts it back down.
the man extends his right arm in front of him.
a person lowers to sit down cross legged and then stands back up.
a person sits down with crossed legs. then stands up.
the person crossed his legs and sat down.
man facing forward legs bent slightly at the knees torso straight right hand lifts up and out stretches forward and back down still in the same stance looking forward be flat.
a man hunches over and then lifts his right hand to wave.
an individual in a sitting position raises their right arm, lowers it, and then returns to their resting position.
walking forward and stopping.
a person slowly walked forward
a person slowly walks forward.
someone has their arms extended upwards, raises and lowers them
a person standing still lifts their hands above their heads, bends their elbow at a 90 degree angle then straightens their arms above the head. the process is repeated twice.
a person raises their hands above their head.
a figure walks forward slowly then turns and paces
a person is pacing around.
a person takes a few steps forward, turns around and walks back, turns to his right, and sidesteps.
a figure walks towards the foreground at medium speed.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace
the person is walking normally.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks up something slowly
person struts forward in a walking manner
person opens drawer, takes something out, and then puts it back
a man picks up an object with both hands on his right hand side and then places it on his left side with his left hand on top.
a man lifts something with both arms, moves it over to his right, then sets it back down in its original position.
the man takes 9 proud steps forward and turns around.
a person walks forward then turns around and looks at the path they have walked
the person walks forward slowly then turns around.
a person appears to have severe arm pain holding and slouching their right shoulder.
person holding their right bicep with their left hand swaying and stumbling from side to side.
a person has injured their arm
the person is mixing up food.
taking a couple of steps and reaching out for something
man walks before lifting his left hand
a person, whose hands is swaying front to back, is walking in a counter-clockwise circle while bringing their knees up as they walk.
a person is stomping around
the person is stomping in a circle.
a person is walking in a straight line, turns left, then walks straight again.
a man runs forward, then runs towards the left, then runs forward again.
a fast limp on the right foot.
man moves his right hand to cover his groin.
a person raises their hand to their stomach and then puts it back down.
a person unzips their pants with their right hand.
a person raises their arms with their shoulders bent, then bends back at the knees, stands, and repeats the motion.
a person starts in the standing position, raises both arms to the side and does a squat.
a person raises their hands above their head and performs squats.
the person is picking something up and squeezing it.
a person adjusting a bow-tie
this person is putting his hands together.
a figure seems to prepare to pitch then throws an item
person cups both hands in front of him before making a throwing motion twice, leaning forwards, their right leg coming off the ground.
person is using his right hand to throw the ball
a person crouching down and jumping forward.
a person hops forward with both feet
someone prepares to take a long jump
a person who seems to do articulations for i'm a little teapot nursery rhyme
a person doing the i'm a little tea pot dance.
the man is doing a nursery rhyme
a person twists to the right, then steps backward to the left, and sits down.
a person looks around, takes a seat in a chair and then stands up.
a person steps back and sits down on something, then stands back up and steps forward.
a person either pleading or praying with their hands folded in front of them.
a person holds their hands up toward their chest as if begging.
a person grabbed the hands and made some jesture
a person takes six steps forward and stops.
a person steps over a gap.
person starts with right foot and walks forward.
a person spins in a tight clockwise circle.
a person turns around in a circle.
a person spins clockwise in a circle.
waving hands in and out.
a person raises both arms and waves.
he waves both of his hands
the person is walking on uneven terrain.
a person walked in right direction and backwards and after jumped
a person is walking around.
a person walks in a circle motion with their hands up, infront of them.
walking forward with arms outstretched.
a person walks in a clockwise half circle with their arms straight out in front of them
a person throws a ball with their right hand, catches the ball with both hands and then throws the ball again.
a man throws object with his right hand.
the person threw a lasso.
a seated person gets up, takes two steps and a half turn and stops
the person gets up from a chair and turns back.
a person bend the body and after walked forward
a person walks upstairs in a straight line.
a person take several steps upwards as of climbing stairs.
the man walks upstairs slowly
a person takes a big step to the left.
a person does a large side step to the left.
a person takes a side step to their left.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
the man bends his elbow while raising his right hand and places it on top of his head.
a person looks to be answering the phone with his right hand and raises to his right ear
a person who seems to be grabbing  something from their pocket
the person scratched  then he was taking his medicine out of a bottle.
a person takes a wallet out and pays for something.
this person side steps left, stops and side steps right.
a person side steps to their left, before side stepping to their right
a man takes three side steps left, then five side steps back right.
a person hinges their left forearm upward.
moving hands up and down.
a person lifts weight with right arm.
walking forward and then stopping.
a man walks slowly in a straight line leading with his right leg towards the end of the room
this person slowly walks forward then stops.
a person jumps straight up in the air twice.
the man is jumping vertically
a person slowly jumped few times
the man walks and makes a right turn
the person walks in a quarter of a circle and stops.
the person is walking forward turning right .
the person is walking forward from being pushed.
a person briskly walks forward.
a person walks with a normal gait forward.
a person picks something up on the left and sets it down on the right.
a person lifts something with both hands, moves it to his right and sets it down.
a man picks up an object with both of his hands on his right side and then places it down on his left side.
the person walk forward at a medium speed.
this person is walking forward
a person walks at a medium pace
a person standing in the left rear of the room performs a cartwhrl diagonally from left to right and ends in the standing position at the front right of the room.
doing a cartwheel very quickly
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides, lifts his hands, bends forward, performs a cartwheel and stops.
a person throws two jabs, a right then a left jab.
a person is making a right hand hit with his guard up.
a person standing up straight twist his body in a quick motion towards the left and right, using their arms as momentum.
a person walks forward with left foot, then trips and continues walking forward.
a person slowly walked forward
walking forward and then stopping.
person stands for a few moments before  jumps and spins right leg around clockwise
a person does a spinning kick.
a man spins with arms flailing on a diagonal.
a person walks forward while swinging both arms. the person turns around and walks backwards.
person marches with legs striding forward and arms raised in front of them
the person is marching forward.
a person has arms raised in a t-shape, then lows arms, raises left hand, swings it to the left, then up and down.
the person was wiping some thing straight across with his right hand.
a man stands and moves objects with his right hand.
a person fastly ran in left direction forward
stick figure is moving in a diagonal direction slightly bent over
a man runs sideways towards the right.
a person has his right hand in the air.
a person waved hands and then shaking while talking to the audience
person waves at someone, and then fidgets side-to-side.
person walks forward in a semi-straight line with arms extended out to the sides.
a person walks while holding the hand rail
person walks forwards with left hand supporting,
a person winds up his arm and then pitches a ball.
the person threw some thing forward.
person is throwing a ball or other object
a figure seems to gesture contritely or sincerely with their left hand as though entreating someone
person is flexing their left bicep
a person looks at their left hand.
a person dances a waltz.
a person pretends to hold another person while dancing a waltz.
the person in the video holds its arms up to the right and walks in a circle.
a man swing his right arm in a slapping motion.
the man slaps something with his right hand.
a man hits an object with his right hand.
a person marches with their left hand slightly raised, turns around and marches back with their right hand slightly raised.
a person march walk forward caring a weapon then turns around walks again
figure marches forward with left elbow bent and hand raised at shoulder height. figure stops, turns around, switches arms, and marches back to the direction they came from.
the person was pushed from the front backwards.
a person that takes one step back.
a person steps back away from something growing toward them on the floor.
person appears to be directing traffic with both hands.
the person is directing something to go different directions.
person moves both arms from left to right, then turns around moves hands forward and signals to come towards him or herself.
a man fold his arms in front of his chest.
a person crosses his arms and massages his right forearm with his left hand.
stick person is crossing his wrist to play a piano.
the person takes six normal size fast steps forward.
a person who is walking takes six steps forward.
person is walking forward slightly to the right.
stick figure is holding its arms up before folding them down to his side
he moves his hands up and down
the person closes their arm then move things on the shelf
a person walks clock-wise in an oval shape with both hands stretched put in front.
a man is pushing an object forward while walking about the room.
a person pushes something while walking in a circle.
a person brings their right hand to their mouth and they hunch forward, then they stand back up and drop their hand.
the person is coughing very badly.
the man is making gestures
the person is making a call and then putting the phone back.
a squatting man puts a phone to his ear and talks.
a man is sitting and cheering by clapping his hands and bringing his right hand above his head.
a man quickly walks across a room.
this person walks forward quickly then stops.
a person speedwalks forwards, and then comes to a complete stop.
a person on the floor, gets up.
a person stands up from being on their hands and knees.
kneeling and then standing up.
a standing person raises both arms shoulder height and waves both arms in and out
a person waves both their hands.
man lifting and waving his arms as if he is attempting to get someones attention.
person makes motion such as lifting from the lower left side to the right side then back again.
the man is moving something to the left
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person walks forward and then trips, almost falling before catching themselves; they turn around and to the same thing again.
a person staggers backwards then stumbles forwards, regains balance before stumbling again
a person trips and falls foward but stays standing on both legs. then looks behind them.
the person is standing still with their arms bent and reached out forward, their left hand and forearm is moving in an arc from left to right
a person who is standing with his hands elevated from his sides lifts something with his right hand, twice.
waving hand while standing still.
a person slowly claps sarcastically
a person claps his hands.
a person is clapping with their hands.
the man does a wavelike dance using his arms and slightly sways.
a person wiggles their hips back and forth while waving their arms.
the person is standing up wiggling his arms back-and-forth
a figure jumps a few times counter-clockwise, then quickly turns clockwise with one big twisting jump, then stumbles backward upon landing.
a person jumps while turning back and forth; they stumble back on their last jump since they try to do a 360 turn unsuccessfully
a person jumps to the left then jumps to the right then they try to do a double jump but stumbles backwards after regaining their composure starts walking back to starting position.
the person walks backwards in a straight line
a man is standing still, walks backwards then stands still again
a person quickly walks backwards
a person is using a skipping rope
person hops up and down repeatedly while circling forward both hands at his sides.
a person jumps up and down while holding arms out to each side and rotating at the elbows
a man sidesteps quickly to his right, then back to his left.
moving side to side quickly.
he skipped sideway to the right then to the left.
the person is jogging with dumbbells.
the man lifts the dumbbell with right hand
a person dances around in a little jig
taking quick strides back and forth
a person walks in a leftward arc, turns around and walks back along the same path.
a person walks in an angled line to the left, then back to the starting position.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
a figure walks forward slowly
sits down than brushes off knees
a man sits down before rubbing his legs.
a person steps into a puddle or container of sorts, dips their feet in, and then raises their needs to start rubbing on it
a person holds their arms near their face and searches right and left.
the person standing looking at a subject in his camera.
person has hands up in front of face
a person takes a step forward.
a person takes one step forward with both feet.
a person is nudged forward one step to standstill.
the person runs back and forth in short bursts changing directions after a few steps.
the man jogs to left then to the right
a person runs to the left followed by the right and back to the left.
the person goes for a short jog
figure jogs forward, arms bent in front of them
a person drops their hands to their side in a somber gesture and walks slowly.
a man runs on the same spot repeatedly.
a person jogs on a treadmill.
a man is running forward, leading with his right leg, and pumping both arms foward.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is walking in a line, turns around and walks the opposite direction.
the person is walking normally.
a man walks up steps with his right hand on the railing.
a person slowly walked upstairs
while holding on to a rail with his right hand a person climbs up stairs.
a person holds right hand up above head to the side and left hand on hip and then squats and the holds both hands out, then goes back to earlier pose and then tilts to the right side.
a person raises their arms and bends their legs, pretending to be a teapot.
moving arms to side and out then the other side.
a person jogs to his right and then back to his left
the person is jogging back-and-forth.
a person runs side to side
a person punches with their right hand
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person stands with both arms bent at the elbows and at the sides, then throws something with the right arm across the body.
the man moves to the side
person stands and folds arms in front of their body
an individal takes side steps, crosses arms,  thenbsteps back to original poaition in-crossinf arms in pocess.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
figure appears to be walking and turning
he turns left then stops
a person holds his left arm over his head and stretches it toward the sky.
figure puts arm in the upward motion.
a person with his left arm raised above his head moves his arm to the right two times.
a person jogs in a counter-clockwise circle two and a quarter times.
the person is jogging in a circle.
the man is jogging in a circular motion
walking backwards and then sitting.
the person sat down in the chair.
stick figure rotates counter clockwise walks backwards and then sits down
the person takes a short jog in place
a person jogs in place
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides jogs in place before resuming his original position.
a person runs, gets down on all fours and crawls, stands up and runs.
a person crawling on their hands and knees to their right then stands up and moves forward then stands up and moves forward
a person walks on all fours.
the person takes a shot with the shotgun
a man holds an object with his right hand with left hand on top and then puts his hands back down.
a man pushes his left hand toward his right, then brings both arms up to shoulder height as though aiming a gun.
a person throws a punch with their right hand then with their left hand.
a person boxes with his right hand and then his left hand.
punching the air then stopping.
a man takes a few steps forward, then loses his balance and falls back a step, before resuming his walk.
while walking forward, he is shoved backward; he recovers and steps forward unhindered.
he was pushed back by something then lose balance. but he quickly regained his balance.
a person stands with his feet wide and swings his arms above his head.
he is doing taiko drum (japanese drum)
person waves arms up and down with knees slightly bent.
a person walks in a large circle.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person walks in a wide counterclockwise circle.
person is walking straight ahead
a person is walking forward slowly.
walking forward and then stopping.
the person is cleaning the windows in front of her.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
a man waves to a crowd.
a person walks in a small clockwise circle twice.
the person walked around in a circle.
a person who walks in a circle 2 times
a person raises his right arm in front of him.
a person reaches forward with their right arm, then puts their arm back down at their side.
a person who seems to be pointing at someone or something
a person puts something in their mouth with their left hand before drinking something in their right hand.
a person drinks from a bottle with their right hand
this person stands still then raises his left hand and then his right.
a man stands and a defensive position, brings his right leg forward in a kick, and returns back to a defensive stance.
a person holding up his hands in a fighting position, kicks high with his right leg and returns to his fighting position.
a man hilds both hands up in a defensive stance. he kicks with his right leg in an upward motion and then goes back to a defensive position.
the person is sitting down eating a hamburger.
a person is squatting and eating.
figure is squatting on the ground and is only slightly moving their hands.
a person who seems to sit
a person lowers to sitting position.
person stands still then sits down on something like a chair
a figure stumbles around uncontrollably while experiencing head ?
a person stumbles to the left, then to the right, where they eventually fall.
a person with an injured right leg stumbles around in a circle.
a person attempts to swat away a fly multiple times.
a person hits at their right leg with their left hand, sways and hits at their left leg with their left hand, then moves back and swats at their right leg with their right hand again.
a person, staring down, backs up anxiously as if they are looking at something scary on the floor.
a person lifts something with both hands, then brings his left hand over to press on top of it, before setting it back down.
a person lifts a bowl off the table and uses their right hand to turn on the tap, finally they turn off the tap and set the bowl down.
a figure reaches out with both hands at waist level as if to lift something. the figure tilts the object using its left hand, as if to pour something from the object. the left hand remains raised for a moment and then is lowered back down.
the person rolls with their legs spread apart and starts and ends with their right arm extended above their head.
a person stands on the ground with right hand reached above their head, brings arm down to the side and tucks head into their chest and rolls forward, landing with both feet spread apart and raises right hand again.
a person  is raising their arm, does a summersault, stands up and raises their arm again.
man kneels down on right knee and appears to be rolling something up
a person kneels and then does a dribbling motion with both hands.
a person kneels on one knee and does a motion with both hands.
pushed to side once.
a person quickly side-steps to the right.
person slides to their right side.
person is sitting doing something with hands, perhaps sewing
the figure appears as if it could be eating something
a person in a seated position moves their right hand up and down while keeping their left hand in place.
the person dodged from being hit.
a person stumbles to their right and then turns around and backs away.
a person walks drunkenly, dodges an object, then turns around.
a person waves, swinging both arms out them back in and down
he does a wave both
a person lifts both arms over its head waving to someone they know.
a person raises their right arm to their mouth.
a person puts his right hand to his mouth.
a standing person raises their right hand to their mouth and then lowers it.
a man does two star jumps on the spot.
person stands still then does two star jumps and raises arms to head height
the person does two jumping jacks
a person does squats with their arms raised above their head
a man squats and stands, as if lifting a dumbbell.
a person is doing squats, he does a total of 3.
a person sits down, rests their hands on their knees, and then stands back up.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
the person sat down on a chair.
a man crosses his right leg over his left leg.
a person puts their right leg up and over their left leg.
the person was standing up posing with his legs crossed.
a man sits down on the ground.
a person takes a step forward and then squats as if to sit down.
person found a comfortable place to rest
a person slightly moved into right direction
the person was pushed to the left but did not fall down
a person sidesteps to his right, ending in a standing position.
person is running forward slightly to the right
a person is running forward.
the person is running diagonally.
person appears to walk in a s shape as if they are a mommy or zombie.
the man walks just like a mummy
a person walks like a mummy, swinging around to their right then left.
the person is getting ready to watch tv.
a person adjusts something in front of them with their right hand.
person claps hands together before bending forwards, reaching out with his right hand and making several twisting motions with his hand, as if opening a doorknob.
a person walks backwards several steps, turns around, walks backwards again, turns around and begins walking backwards, then stops.
a person walks backwards to the back right, turns and walks backwards to the front left, and then turns around again and walks backwards to the back right again.
a person bring both hands together above their head with right leg up, then brings both hands down to the ground in front, then brings both legs behind them, glutes in the air, glutes to the ground.
a person stretching their hands above their head then getting down on all fours to do pushups
a person is doing different yoga positions
a person takes two steps forward, turns 180 degrees to his left and walks back to where he started.
a person walks forward, pivots with their left foot, and walks back.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes two steps forward, turns 180 degrees and takes two steps in the other direction and stops.
a person pushes their right arm forward and then uses both hands together while bending over as if catching something.
the man is moving his arms
throwing something with hand.
someone walks from right to left
person walks in an s line.
someone walking forward going left to right
this person stands still and fold his arms in front of him.
the person folds their arms then let's go
a standing persons raises their arms and crosses them.
someone is running in place.
a person appears to be jogging on the spot, with both arms moving back and forth one after the other.
the person is jogging on the spot
the person ran into some thing with his left leg.
walks a few steps forward, the body bends over the right foot and back up, and then walks a few more steps.
person moves forward carefully  then leans forward then goes clockwise a few steps
person casually walks forward, right hand moving with left leg and left hand moving with right leg.
the man is doing a normal walk
a person taking steps forward.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person walks from the top right to the bottom left of the screen pivots on their left foot and goes back to where they started.
a person take several steps forward, pivots on the left leg, and walks back.
the person is boxing with their left hand.
the person is making a swimming motion with it's right arm.
the person raises its blue shoulder.
this person walks slowly forward in a zig zag.
the person sways to their left and then painfully walks forward.
a figure walks forward tentatively, occasionally dragging its feet
person makes slapping motion with left hand
a person slaps something with their left hand.
the person swings their left hand from back to front.
a person sitting on an object  uses his hands to steer something like a steering wheel.
the person controls the steering wheel while driving
a person is sitting and is turning something vertical gently in front of them with both hands, then they extend their right arm and right foot to operate something.
person is walking straight ahead
a person doing a normal walk.
figure appears to be walking
a person is doing exercise small arm circles and then turns torso to look behind.
a person stands in a t-pose, moves their hands a bit, then looks behind them to their right.
a person is stretching their arms and turns.
a person slowly walking downhill.
the persons is walking forward.
a person walks forward briskly.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
walking in a circular motion.
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion.
a person steps over a rope, jumps over the rope a few times, pauses to move the rope behind them, and then jumps rope some more.
a person jumps up and down while flapping their arms.
a person stayed on the place and after grabbed something and start jumping
the arms are folded into the chest and paced back out to the sides of the body.
person crosses both arms in centre then releases
this person standing still folds his arms in front then lowers his arms to the sides.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward slowly
slowly moving forward on the floor.
a person is quickly walking forward.
the person is walking forward very quickly.
walking forward and then stopping.
the person was lifting dumbbells up and down.
this person stands still with arms up and bent at the elbow.
a person lifts both arms up by his ears.
the figure takes a step forward, back steps 5 steps, turns around and then back steps two steps.
person starts with standing still arms raised shoulder height then  lowers them and moves backwards in both directions
a man walks towards the right then walks backward to the left, turns around and walks backward to the right.
a person is stumbling forward.
a person slowly walked forward while balancing
a person walks forwards, wobbling, as is trying to balance on a beam
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle happily, swinging their arms at their sides.
person is walking in a circle
a person squats with his arms outward.
a person lowers to squat position.
a person does a squat.
a person crosses his right arm over his left arm, holds pose for a second and then places arms back at sides.
a person crosses and uncrosses their arms.
a person who is standing with his hands down by his sides, crosses his arms, touches his left elbow with his right hand, uncrosses his arms and stands with his hands down by his sides.
the person was pushed slightly forward.
a person is pushed forward one step.
a person lazily stumbles forward.
a figure tip toes around while walking in a slolam like motion
this person walks briskly to the right then the left to the right again and the left.
a man walks in a curved line.
walking back and forth and swinging arms.
a person appears to be laughing hysterically and slaps arms around.
the person was laughing at a joke.
a person starts with their arms out then jogs in place.
the sim has both arms extended before bringing them down and moving into a jog in place.
a person runs in place
a person is walking and bends to the left
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
walking in a diagonal line.
a person holds their right arm out, level with their shoulder.
person standing extends right arm straight.
the person holds their arm up to their right and puts it back down.
this person steps forward and grabs an item then moves his right arm up and down.
a person walks forward and then with right hand looks to be nailing something with a hammer
a person stepped forward and start to scratch something with right hand
person walks then turns left
a person is walking on a left curve.
a person walks in a narc to their left.
a person is running from side to side, doing a suicide drill motion - striding back to their starting position at the end.
a person runs to the left then runs to the right then turns to the left, then back to the middle.
the person was jogging back and forth.
the person is getting down and doing push-ups.
a person getting on the floor, in a push up position, and stretching.
a figure does a downward stretch.
the man puts arms near his knees and stands still for a few seconds.
moving arms towards knees and staying still.
person has both hands stretched out to the sides before bringing them down to rest at its side.
moving arms to the left and right.
a person is swinging side to side as a warm up
a person raises their arms and rotates their torso back and forth.
a person is standing, feet shoulder width apart, arms slightly bent and on raised heels almost in anticipation.
a person takes four steps forward and jumps in place.
a person slowly walks forward then jumps up.
a person walks with is right hand to his neck.
the person is pacing in an elongated circle with their hand on their chin.
a person walks while holding their head, seemingly stressed.
a person holding something in hand and makes a call.
a person stayed on the place grabbed something with hands and lean near to face
a man acts as if he is typing a number on his phone then lifts it to his ear as if on a phone call
a person grabed with left hand his right hand, and done some jesture with both hands
a person is moving their hands randomly around while walking slightly back and forth.
someone seems to be giving instruction with their hands
a person slowly walked forward and return
walking forward and then back.
a person walks forward, turns left and walks back.
a person waves to someone in the distance.
a man lifts his left arm, waves it over his head, and lowers it.
a person lifts their left arm, waves it back and forth, and puts it down.
the man kicks at something with his right leg.
a person shuffles feet slightly then gently kicks right foot
the person kick something on the ground.
a person kicks their left leg out.
person raises hands while kicking left leg out.
person performs a left leg kick
the person is throwing something with its red arm.
the person threw the ball with his right arm.
person is throwing a football to someone
a man walks forward, picks something up with his right arm, pours it out, and then steps backwards to his original position.
persons picks up a container and pours it into a glass
a person steps forward, grabs something with their right hand, does a pouring action, then sets it down and steps back.
walks forward, picks up something, then sets it down to the right of him.
person picks up box and reaches inside of it
the person is trying to open a box on his right side.
character walking, gets pushed off ballanced from the left , regains orientation and continues walking.
a figure stumbles, regains composure, and continues walking
walking in a random pattern forward.
a figure loves doing jumping jacks.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a standing person using both their right and left arms and feet they spread apart from another and jumping in place swinging the arms and legs
person kicks a ball forward
a person steps forward and kicks forward with their right leg
kicking forward one time.
a man walks slightly to the left with both of his hand touching the walls on each side of him.
a person tips toes slowly
person slowly walks forward, grabbing something to keep them steady as the walk to the edge of the platform.
a person is raking leaves.
person stands and leans over and raises arms in a cradle position moving left to right
the person was raking leaves in the yard.
a person walks down and to the left.
the person walks forward and with a right turn.
a person walks left diagonally.
a person balances walking forward on a beam, with arms out to the side for balance.
this person walks a straight line with arms out to the sides.
a person walks the tightrope.
the person walks diagonally towards right side.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a person squats and then jumps up with arms above their head.
a person slowly jumoed vertical
this person jumps slowly upwards.
a person raises their right hand as if to look at a watch.
a person looks at watch on right wrist.
this person raises his right arm as if to check a watch.
a person is doing a dance and kicks the air.
the person is doing some kind of kick dance forward.
a person stands and kicks highly one foot at a time.
person walks forward slowly without swinging arms.
the person is walking slow forward.
a person takes slow, wide steps forward.
a standing person raises their right arm and waves.
a person raises their right hand and makes a waving motion.
the person is waving with his right arm.
person slides backward to take a seat, drinks something and then puts the cup back
a person sits down and drinks then gets back up
the person sits down while talking on the phone
a person walk forward and stumbles when pushed from the side, recovers and begins walking again.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one step forward, appears to stumble to his left, recovers and takes three steps to his right.
person walks to steps then stagers to right then back to left side
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person walks forward towards the camera.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person relaxes and swings their torso, swinging their right arm around.
a person stands in a fixed spot, swings their shoulders forward and backward, then swings their right arm in a throwing forward motion.
a person shifts their body from left to right before throwing forward with their right hand.
a person is standing upright, while walking slowly forward and slightly to their left.
the person as walking slowly forward
person moves forward five paces
a person standing still shuffles to the left.
this person stands and suddenly steps to the right.
standing still then moving to the side.
the person starts walking then something push them and they starts walking again
walking forward and then back.
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall down.
the body bends forward clumsy and takes a step forward.
the person was pushed from the back
a person trips forward while bent slightly.
person is sprinting to their right
a person running at full speed in a strait direction with its arms swinging left and right
the person running fast on the floor.
a person is moving around the room while moving his hands.
a person turns to the left to pick something up and walk forward to place it down
a man lightly sways from side to side, then turns to the left and picks up an object with his right hand.
someone with outstretched arms spins clockwise
the person spins their body very fast
a person spins in circles with their arms out.
a man standing reaches forward in front of his body with his right hand.
a person reaches out with their right arm as if to grab something, then drop their arm back to the side
a man stands on the ground, moves his right hand foward and then returns it back.
a person coughs with their right hand, than left, stays standing for now.
the person is making a drum gesture with his arms.
person puts right hand up to mouth area then puts arm down then lifts left hand to mouth  then puts both hands down to side
person jumps up many times over a skipping rope and jumps over rope
the person is jumping rope.
a man is jumping rope before stopping.
a person is attempting to walk a straight line heel to toe like a tightrope or dui check point
person walks forward, placing one foot directly in front of the other.
holding both hands out to the sides a person walks forward slowly one foot in front of the other.
a man lunges forward and kicks with his right foot.
a man kicks forward with his right leg, while moving forward.
the person does one kick towards the right
a person bends down and crawls to the left.
the figure bends down, gets on their hands and knees and begins crawling to the right
crawling forward on his knees
this person slowly sits down.
a person starting in a left forward lunge turns and sits down, as if sitting in a chair.
a person sits down in pain
a person climbs up some ladders
a person walks in a curve to the right, turns and climbs several stairs.
a person quickly puts both hands down while walking in a clockwise half circle, then climbs imaginary stairs with both arms and legs, and finally pulls his head above his arms using his hands.
a person walks forward while placing their right hand on a railing
person walks straight while using right arm assisted by bar or wall.
a person steps forward with his right arm outstretched to his side and touching something as he moves.
the person got up from a kneel with his right arm.
person gets up from floor off right knee and right hand
a person stands up from a kneeling position
a person dancing by moving his hands and feet .
a person dances on the spot.
a person dances on the spot.
person picks something up, shows it left then puts it down.
this person moves his arms to the left then right and back to the left.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person throwing something with the right hand and the getting back to a ready position
a person catches something ( a ball ) then throws it.
the person is throwing a ball and catching a ball.
a person stretches out its right arm then moves it back to its side.
a standing person swipes their right hand in front of their face and returns to a neutral position.
a person extends their right arm after rubbing their left shoulder
a person is walking down stairs.
a person walks down stairs.
the sim appears to be stepping down a short flight of stairs.
a person gestures tauntingly while turning to face something.
a person walks from side to side while holding its right arm with left hand waving, and then walks back.
man seems to be in a fight
a person raised the both hands, and showed some jesture
a person is strumming a guitar with their left hand.
moving hand up and down near chest.
someone raises both hands, and then begins to wave.
a man puts both arms up even at shoulder level and then waves twice before returning his hands to normal placement.
a person raised the both hand
a person throws an object with their left hand.
a person throws with his left hand
a person throws something over his head
the man strolls forward with minimal movement of his hands.
a person walks very slowly
a person walks slowly, with right leg first
a stick figure walks forward, stops and moves both arms up and forward as if setting an item on a table. it then steps backwards to its starting position.
a figure walks forward and places two things together gently on a table then steps back
the person picked up a mixing bowl and put it on the table.
person very lazily lift their right arm as if picking up a ball or similar item and proceeds to pivot their torso to the left and throw the item with very little energy or care. they then turn to center and reach out both hands and pull an item close to their chest
a standing person reluctantly and lazily throws something with her right hand before reaching out with both hands to receive something else from her left side before holding it straight out before her and then bringing it in to her chest.
the person is playing pitch and catch.
a person is spinning around.
a person spins around with his hands raised and then switches the spinning direction.
a person quickly spins around counterclockwise and then clockwise with his hands out to the side.
a person steps forward with his left foot and then kicks out with his right foot.
a person sways back & forth while kicking their right foot out.
a person kicked with their right leg.
man waves with his left hand while shifting weight to right foot.
a person waves to someone with their right hand.
a person stands still and waves with their right hand
a person walks forward and jumps over an object, then turns around to jump over it again and walk back.
a man walking forward jumps turns around and walks back.
a man takes several steps forward, jumps over an imaginary obstacle, lands on both feet, takes several more steps forward, turns around 180 degrees, takes several steps forward and jumps over same obstacle and returns to start.
a man walks forward slightly off-balance, and then starts to turn around.
person is walking straight ahead
the person is walking like he is depressed.
person runs in a zigzag motion and ducks under an invisible object hlfway through then returns to full height.
a man sprints forward then goes down to all fours continuing forward and stands back up.
a person runs forward then trips on something and tries to balance back while still running.
a person slowly walks forward on a slight diagonal line.
a person begins walking diagonally forward  to their left.
the person is stepping over some thing.
a person struggles to walk using the railing on their right for assistance.
a person walks forward while balancing their weight on an object.
a person walks down while right hand pushes off something as the person walks down.
casually walking a few steps and then bending down.  turning around and walking back.
a person walks forward picks up an object and walks back to his original position
a person who is walking and swinging his arms bends down and picks something up, places it a little higher, then turns 180 degrees and walks back to the point where he started.
a man impersonates an elephant.
a person is acting as if they are an elephant.
a man holds his left hand on top of his head and bends repeatedly while stretching out his fight hand in front of him.
a man raises his right hand to his head then lowers it back down.
person raises his right arm up in front of his face, and holds it there for a second before putting his arm back down.
a person raised the right hand and lean it near to face
a person lifts both arms out to their side and runs forward in a figure 8 pattern.
the person is flying like a airplane.
the man is pretending to be a plane i think
the person hit the ball with his tennis rackets.
walking forward and throwing something.
a person standing uses their right arm to throw something down in a forceful motion.
a person is steering a car.
a man is crouched very low to the ground, with his arms bent in front of him, and he moves them slightly up and down.
a person turns steering wheel.
a person picks up  a heavy object and moves it right.
a person lifts up something heavy and passes to someone on his right several times.
the person pick something up and put it on the right.
a person walks and stops.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes four steps forward and stops.
he walks forward really slowly
a person runs towards his right.
a person sprints along a curved path and quickly slows to a stop
runs from top right to bottom left before slowing down to a stop
a person raises their left hand to their mouth.
the person lifts their left hand up to their neck, then drops it back to their side.
a person who is standing with his arms close to his sides slowly lifts his left hand to his face and drops it down again.
a person walks forward. they swing both of their arms out, then swing their right arm out.
a person recites a story whilst walking forward.
walking and talking with hand gestures
a person struts around with their hands on their hips.
a person stands with their hands on their hips and turns to the left.
person is walking and trying to pose in a cool way
person makes a twisting motion with their right hand towards the ground, then takes a step backwards and raises both hands up, holding them out to their sides.
a person clinches hands and steps backward then spreads arms outward.
a person takes a few steps backwards, then holds his arms out to either side at shoulder height.
the person is walking towards the right.
a person marches forward, about faces, and then marches back the way they came.
the person walk to two steps forward and turn around then walk two steps forward again. walk in a u shape.
a person holds an object over his head and uses his legs to lift it
a person with their hands raised does a little squat
a person standing and bents down.and up twice.
a man walked and make a right turn.
a person turns right while walking.
a person walks in a curved path to the right.
a person stands still and then reaches and grabs something with their right hand.
a person stands completely still, then picks something up.
the person is standing very still.
a person kicks ball with outside of foot.
a person kicks forward then walks back multiple times.
a person acts like they are kicking a soccer ball.
the person is swatting at a mosquito.
a person steps forward and slaps their left wrist.
a man steps forward and then hits his left wrist with his right hand.
the person lifts up his left hand and shakes it.
a person raises his right hand to chest height in a pronated position and twice moves it up and down slightly.
standing still than shaking right hand
a person sits down and stands back up.
a person sits down then stands back up and takes a step forward
a person looks backward and steps backward, sits down with his arms and hands out, then raises up and stands again.
a man stretches out his arms in front of him in a swimming motion.
a person extends their hands out, slightly above their head, lowers them to chest height and brings them together, then extends their hands out to the sides while slightly pausing in the middle.
a man is waving his arms. he lowers his arms with each wave.
a person picks up an object to their left and places it on their right.
a person lifts something up from knee height on their left and puts it down on their right.
a person picks up something and then sets it to the other side.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person walking slowly down in a straight line
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person raises their right arm above their head, while their left arm is slightly elevated.
a person slowly raised the right hand
the person is looking to the right.
a person slowly moved in right direction
the person took a step to the right.
a person takes one large step to their right.
a person walks slowly and slightly to the left.
the person walks at an angle from right to left in a curvy line.
a person is walking slowly
person is practicing their long jump
someone takes several steps back, starts running and gains momentum to jump
the person is running and doing the long jump.
a person takes a quick step backward.
a person steps backwards slowly.
person takes one quick step backwards.
a person lifts their left arm and then right arm.
a person alternates between waving with their left and right hands
a person swings left arm up and back, then the right arm, then the left arm again.
the person raises both hands and throws a slow punch with their right hand.
a person who is standing with his arms away from his sides raises both of his hands in front of his face, throws a punch with his right hand and then drops his hands to his sides.
a person punches with their right hand
the man repeats sitting down and getting back up
a person walks forward, then sits down, stands to adjust something under his leg and sits back down.
the person is sitting down and then standing up.
a person leans to his left.
the person  was pushed while standing up street.
the sim is standing with their left foot in front of them, appearing to be balancing bending town towards the floor.
a person jumps clockwise, then clockwise again at 90 degrees, and then counterclockwise circle.
person does full legs together step then repeats jumping side to right side three times in a circle
a person jumps twisting to the right.
a person walks forward, turns 90 degrees to their left, walks forward again and takes a large step up onto something
the person is climbing and walking on uneven terrain.
a man walks across a room then climbs stairs.
the sim is walking in a circle motion.
a person walks around in a circle.
a person walksclockwose to almost complete a cycle
a person backs up, gets down on their hands and knees, then crawls forward, then stands up quickly and turns in a counterclockwise motion.
walking backwards and then crawling then standing.
a person walks backward, goes to the ground and crawls forward before popping back up on their feet.
a person stands with their left hand down while keeping their right hand out, then brings their left arm out.
a man holds his right arm out to one side at shoulder height, then holds his left arm out to the opposite side.
he expanded his right arm then expanded the left arm
walking forward then bending down
this person walks forward then bends to the left and suddenly steps back.
a person sets something down and walks backward.
a person side steps to their left, then side steps to their right, then side steps back to the center.
the man side steps 2 steps to the left the sidesteps to the right then back to starting point.
the person is sliding his feet from left to right.
a person throws something with their right hand then catches something with both hands above their left shoulder.
the person is playing catch with a ball.
throwing something and then catching something.
person quickly takes 3 steps in a straight forward direction
a person takes a couple quick steps forward.
a person quickly walks forward.
the person walks in a clockwise circle
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
moving and create a cricle on the floor.
a person is standing with its knees bent and he
a man leans forwards, knees best with his hands on his knees, then stands up and extends both arms outward to shoulder height.
a per who puts their arms down from a squatting t pose
a person is walking forward.
a woman jogs forward swinging her arms side-to-side.
a person is jogging straight.
the right hand goes to the chest and back down while walking then turns around to walk.
walking forward and then back.
the toon walks to the end of the plane & makes a knocking motion before turning around and walking to the opposite of the plane.
a person has his arms extended and spins around anticlockwise twice, then does a jump forward and walks backwards to his original position
a person spins in circles with their arms out, then takes a few steps forward.
a person is spinning around with rheir arms out and then jumps
a person spins while slinging an arm in the air on around the circle.
person moves body in fast turn then lefts something out of right hand very fast
the person was running backwards to toss the football.
the man is walking forward but then gives someone a low five as he passes them.
a person walking slightly from left to right briefly puts out their right hand and then pulls it back.
walking in a diagonal line.
figure appears to be carrying an itemm (large item)
person picks something up and walks with it over head in a circular motion
he starts to walk slowly
the person walks forward quickly, turns and sits, gets back up and walks a little past their original position.
a person walks forward, turns around, sits, then stands up and walks back to starting point.
a person standing with their hands at their sides walks slowly towards an object, turns around completely, sits down on object briefly, stands back up straight and walks back to the left.
the person kicks to their right.
a person kicked the right leg
the person is doing a right sidekick.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person throws something overhand with their right hand
a person throws with his right hand.
a person walks forwards, places their left hand on something to support them, then bends their right  knee back and using their right hand holds their shoe, to inspect the sole of it.
a man steps forward, then leans on something with his left arm as he lifts his right leg behind him, holding it with his right arm as he inspects something, before lowering his leg and stepping backwards.
a person looks at the bottom of their right shoe.
the person lifts their hands and squats, then returns to their original postion and repeats that set of motions.
a person is lifting weights.
a person raises their arms and bends their knees, then repeats this in an exercise
a person takes a small hop forwards.
person bends knees slightly, and hops forward.
a person jump once on the spot.
a person happens to notice something on the ground in front of him and steps forward and bends over to grab it while resting his left hand on his thigh to protect his sore back.
a person bends down and touches the ground with their right hand.
a person bends down to pick something up.
a person jumps to his left.
a man jumps from left to right.
a person jumps to the left.
a person stands with their arms raised and waves their hands, they then bring their arms towards the middle of their body and moves their arms outwards.
a person holds their arms at shoulder height, circles both wrists several times then bends and flexes their arms toward their chest.
a person with their arms stretch straight out folds their arm to there chest and then back out repetedly
from a standstill position, a person seems to make the motion of throwing a ball with their right hand.
a person throws something with their right arm.
pushing hand forward to throw something.
the man is closing and opening umbrella
the person is opening and closing and umbrella.
a person lifting a light object above their head and then lowering it to the ground
the man walks forward in an s pattern.
the person in the video walks in a figure eight pattern.
a man walks around in a curvy pattern.
man stands straigh tup holding an object in his left hand and right hand down to his side. man lifts arm slowly with his hand up to his face as if he is drinking something; drops his hand down to his side.
drinking something while standing up.
a person drinks from a cup with their left hand.
a person is waving with both hands.
a man lifts both of his hands and waves them.
the person is waving with both arms.
the person is posing looking down.
the figure sways very gently but stands still and is looking down slowly turning their head from right to left.
a man standing moves his head slowly from the left side to the right side.
a person walks diagonally to the right
a person casually walks forward and toward their right.
a person slowly walks forward while turning to their right.
a person with their arms slightly raised, and is wiggling their hips.
someone standing in place shaking their hips
a person is doing a dance which involves shaking their hips.
the man standing up, step his right foot while bending his left arm and leg and face right and move his right hand like he is doing something while his left hand remains at rest
moving hand outward and shaking it.
a person reaches down slight and grabs something, then reaches from something with its left hand.
this person walks forward taking very wide steps left and right.
the person is walking on steppingstones.
a person walks slowly across stepping stones.
a person raises their hands to chest level and moves their hands in a forward rowing position as if they were a cat pawing at a toy.
a stick figure waves it's arms around in rhythmic motion.
a person is holding their hands in front of them like a squirrel, and moving their hands around as though trying to play with something in front.
a person calling out loud
a person raised the hands and lean them near to face
the person is waving their hands in disbelief.
person swings arms from side to side and then shakes them up and down as if acting like a monkey
a person acts out monkey movements.
a person relaxes their arms and swings them around, hunched over.
the person is scratching their head in confusion.
a person with his weight on his left leg takes two side steps, touches his head with his right hand and then lowers his arm.
a person shields their eyes with their right hand and looks around.
a person runs forward in a non-linear way.
person is running from side to side
the person is running sideways.
person raises their left arm that's bent at the elbow to start with
a man swings left hand upward, performing a left uppercut.
a man moves his arms up and down while his elbows are bent.
a person is waving with their left hand up high.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person standing up with their right hand slowly moving back and forward from their hip a few inches forward and back while their left hand is raised above their head going up and down a few inches.
in there is a stand behind it
person takes a small jump back.
a man stands with his arms flexed and makes a small jump backwards.
person takes four steps forward
man put right foot forward and walking straight forward
persons walking out of medium speed.
the person walks up a ramp.
a man moved forward swinging his right arm side to side.
a man walks forward slightly swinging his arms.
the sim appears to grab an object with both hands bringing it to their mouth & taking a drink .
a person picks up an object and drinks from it
a person stepping forward and then grabbing an object with both hands and drinking from it. then it returns the object with both hands and then standing in a relaxed position with his weight on the right leg.
a person slowly walked forward
a person takes a quick step forward.
the person stepped over something.
a person drops their arms and runs in place.
the person is jogging in place.
the man is doing excercises
a person walking pass something seeming to brush pass a door.
person walks forward and puts their hand on something as they pass by it
person takes a set forward with left foot first and continues waking they stumble a bit but continue on.
a person holds their right hand above their eyes and lowers it.
the person is standing still and scratches their head with their right hand
person puts hand on top of head
a person has his arms bent at shoulder level, then moves his right arm over as he turns his torso before starting to return to his original position.
a person slowly punches with their right arm and then their left.
a person winds up and throws a punch with their right hand
a man is standing with his arms elevated at his side, he lowers his arms and sits, then raises his right arms as if picking up something
a man lowers his arms, then sits down on something at waist height, before reaching out to tap something with his right hand and lowering it to his side.
a person sits down, and slightly raises their right hand in front of them.
a person driving turning the steering wheel with both hands.
a person squats while moving their left and right arm.
a person is sitting while twitching their arms and legs.
a person shuffles from the left to the right.
a person that takes one step to the right
person stands still then quickly shuffle steps to their right.
a person hardly swing the irght hand, and throw something
a person hits a tennis smash with right arm.
person appears to slam or throw some thing down with their right hand.
the person has both arms up, but he is only using the left hand.
sitting down and eating something with their hands
he eats his right finger
a person walking to the right and then turning around sharply walking to the left, making a circle.
a person does the cat walk
a person struts forward, turn around, and then walks back.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle at a normal pace.
a man walks around in a circle.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
the person brings their left hand up in front of them and then brings it back down.
a man bends his right leg and stretched forward with his left hand.
this person reaches straight out with the left arm.
person put their blue color hand up and moves slightly forward on the blue colored leg. the knee of the blue colored leg bends lightly. red colored leg moves backwards and bends that knee. both hands go above the head and the person leans forward and makes the hands into a circle
a person stands with left leg forward and left arm above the head, then moves their right leg back, brings up there right arm, then brings both arms down together and bends at the waist.
someone seems to be looking for a balance not to fall
a person slowly walked forward and returned back
a person walks forward but it pushed to the left and recovers.
person walks forward, appears to be pushed, recovers, then continues to walk forward.
a person takes three steps to the side, crossing their left leg before their right on the second step. the figure pauses, then takes three steps in the opposite direction, this time, crossing their right leg behind the left on the second step.
a person moved in right and left directions
a person does a grapevine walk side to side
person walks forward, makes a turn on left leg, and walks back to start.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a figure walks forward then turns on its heel to walk back
a person is jumping rope and crossing his arms.
a person does a jump rope trick.
a person jumps up and down while swinging their arms.
person walking forward and to the right
the man walks forward turning to the right.
a man walks forward slowly, turning to his right as he walks, and stops in a standing position.
a person moves their right hand in front of their body quickly.
the man swings his arms in a clockwise motion, then punches the air with force using his right hand.
a person punches upwards with left arm.
a person tip-toes while balancing to a destination in front of them and then makes a small jump at the end.
this person walks down stairs.
a man walks down a flight of stairs holding the safety rail with his left hand and jumps down to the floor once he reaches the bottom step.
a person alternatingly jabs and uppercuts both arms.
the man throws punches with both hands like a boxer.
person practicing boxing punching techniques
sway your hips from side to side.
someone moves from right to left, then puts their hands on the waist
the person is swaying back-and-forth.
a person takes four steps forward.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward with both arms at their side and stops.
a person jogs back and forth
a person jogs back and forth
a man jogs to the right and then to the left repeatedly with elbows bent.
a person walks forward with a little run in one of the steps.
a person slowly walked forward
a person is walking forward
a person walks forward with soft steps.
a person walks in a slight zig zag while picking his heels up high
a person slowly walks forward looking leisurely.
a person picks something up in front of him and moves it to the side
a person moves something from their left to right.
a person moves something with both hands from left to right.
figure shadow boxes left to right
a person stands with elbows bent and hands in front of the body, and rolls arms slowly to their right and back to the center again, dropping in the left arm.
a person jabs a few times with their right hand.
a person sits on a chair behind them and then stands back up.
the figure steps backwards with their right foot and looks back as they sit briefly and then sits back up without using the arms of the chair to get up.
a person gently steps back, sits down on an object, and then stands back up.
a person wipes down a tabletop.
person is wiping table with left hand
uses left hand and circles it counter clock-wise.
a person moves their hands together in a horizontal figure eight in front of them.
a person stands in place while squatting side to side as their arms swau.
person is performing a dance move
a person stands still with their arms stretched out.
a person stands still with both arms extended at their sides.
a person stands still with their arms wide open
this person is waving his right hand.
a person standing with his arms to his sides raises his right arm and waves his arm, twice.
a person uses his right arm to wave back and forth.
the person is walking in a zig zag .
a person who walked in a zig zag pattern
person hobbles forward and to the right.
a standing person twists at the waist, reaches back to the left with the right hand, then twists to the right, and reaches back with the left hand four times.
the person is taking something from in front of him and passing it back.
person is doing lifting exercise with cross cable
person is getting into a crouch position.
a person raises both their arms over their head while bending their elbows, they then bend their knees in a squat, and then come out of it.
a person standing up squats down, by bending both knees slightly outward and raising both of their arms above their head simultaneously. then they stand up straight and complete the motion one more time.
the person is stopping with their left foot.
the man steps in something then thinks about it.
a person lifts their left foot, then places it back down quickly, then lifts their left hand toward their head.
a figure holds both hands in a cupped position up to their waist. they bend slightly ad the kneeds and are slightly hunched forward. their head bobs as they make small lifting gestures with their hands, as if imitating an ape or monkey.
the man is pretending to be a chicken
the person that uses their arms to pretend to be a chicken
a man has both of his legs bended like in sitting action and moving his hands down and up trying to turn something around, like driving
a person with their arms bent at the elbow moves their arms up and down in an alternating pattern while simultaneously squatting down.
a person crouching moves their arms and legs.
the person walk backward on the floor.
a person is pushed backwards.
a person stumbles back a few steps.
the subject to standing facing forward then moves right arm to head than moves hand back down
raising hand to face then lowering.
a person raises their right hand to their face and then drops their arm back down.
a person looks slightly to their right, then lifts their right hand to slap someone else's hand as in a "what's up" gesture.
the person standing still and high-fived someone.
person gives someone a high five
a person with their hands in front of their face, punches with their right hand.
a person holds their arms in front of them, and makes a quick punch with their right arm.
a man stands with his legs apart in a defensive posture with his arms bent in front of him, and he steps forward and jabs with his right hand before stepping back.
person moves forward three steps then does a full turn back
a person walks forward, pivots on their left leg to turn around, and then walk the opposite direction
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
the person was kneeling and got up using his left hand.
a figure is on its knees. it then bends its left knee in order to help lift itself up to a standing positon.
kneeling and then standing up.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a person scratches head with right hand.
someone with his right hand scratches his head
a person takes a long, slow step to the front, on a diagonal slant to their right.
a person takes a large step diagonally to the left over a large object
a person takes a long stride diagonally to their right almost like they were stepping over a large object.
a figure winds up then throws as hard as they can
a man steps forward with his left arm, holds something up with his right hand, and smacks it hard with his left hand, before stepping back.
person is serving in tennis
a man lowers his arm arms and walks forward while using his left hand to touch the top of a wall
a person grabs the rail on the left and uses it to step forward a few steps.
a person slowly walked forward while grabbing something with left hand
a person walking bends to the right.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the right
a man walks to the right and stands.
man casually walks forward with minimal arm motions
he leisurely walked forward with a moderate armswing.
the person is walking forward
person throws arms up then swings arms then points right arm forward.
a person is swinging their arms around as exercise
a person appears to be warming up their shoulders and arms, then scans the horizon and sees something while pointing to it.
a person walks towards the rightside.
a person walks from one wall to the wall to his right in a clockwise motion.
walkin and turned left
a person waves with their right hand.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
the person waved with his right hand.
a person does 2 jumping jacks.
person is doing jumping jacks
the man does 2 jumping jacks.
figure appears to be moving item from left to right
person picks up something on their left and sets it down on their right
a figure lifts something from waist height on the left then sets it down near their right side at the same height
the person is walking forward with their hands on something
a person dizzily walks forward and uses their hands to steady themselves
a person with his arms slightly outstretched, lowers his hands and starts to walk forward using his hands to touch something to help keep his balance.
walks forward a few steps and pauses then continues to walk forward.
a person walks forward, stops, walks forward again, then hesitates and stops.
a figure walks forward, pauses, then walks again
a person walking sideways to the left, then diagonally to right and back to center.
a person takes sliding steps to the left, then takes sliding steps to the right and then takes sliding steps to the left to return to their original location.
a person steps to the left and right multiple times.
a person walking towards it's destination at a medium pace. while walking, this person takes his foot higher than normal walking, possibly a rough terrain or tall grasses.
a man walks forward slowly.
the person is taking big steps forward.
a person takes a few steps forward.
the man steps forward 4 steps starting with his left foot.
the person is walking straight forward.
a person stomps the ground with their left foot.
person starts out standing then leans to the right and stomps his left foot.
a person stomps with their left foot.
the man is walking to hop
a person walks forward and does a little skip half way.
a person walks forward, skips, and continues walking side to side.
a person gathering force to throw something.
a person makes a snowball and throws it.
a person slowly gets ready to throw an object, and then throws it over hand
figure appears to be saying no with a hand gesture
a man lowers his arms to his sides, then brings them up to chest level, makes a few sideways sweeps with his palms down, and lowers his arms to his sides.
a figure stands with arms outstretched then lowers them, making the "no goal" gesture
a person jogs forward and slightly to the left.
a person runs down a ramp.
the person i was walking forward slightly to the left.
a person is shaking their arms.
a man standing waving arms up and down.
a person flaps both hands inwards with elbows pointed out.
person is walking in a unbalanced manner
a person leans to the left then walks in a right diagonal.
a person walks to the right.
walking in a circle then stopping.
a person walks around in a circle.
a person walks in a counter clockwise direction.
running forward and backward on the floor.
person jogs on the spot then jogs left then right then jogs left again and stops in middle
a person runs in place then turns and runs to the left then runs to the right and returns ro the starting position.
a person walks while touching something with his left hand.
a person walks with their left arm on a railing.
the sim is walking with both hands on a hand rail, appearing to be walking trough a hallway grabbing both a rail with both hands again.
this person has arms extended out then brings them inward and extends them again.
a man raises both his arms out wide to the same hight as his shoulders, then back down and out in front of him and then back again
a man is exercising by lifting his arms in a wing flap.
a figure side-steps quickly, like a basketball shuffle -- first to the left and then to the right
a person moved into right and after left direction
a man jumps from side to side while his shoulders are up.
someone is walking down towards the right-hand side of video in a confident manner.
a person takes steps and walks forward.
the person walks forward quickly.
a person jumoed on the place
a person starts jumping up and down whilst moving their arm side to side
a figure hops up and down several times
this person reaches left with both hands.
a person swings their right hand into an upper cut punch.
the person twisted slightly left then twisted back to the right bringing their left hand up diagonally and to the right near their neck.
a figure uses a rail or bannister to support itself as it climbs up stairs
the person is walking upstairs.
the person holds the rail while walking up the stairs
bending down and moving arms to the side.
a figure lifts something below waist height on the left then places it around shoulder height on a shelf to the right
the person placed something on its side.
a person walks down something while holding something with their left hand.
a person walks down some stairs at a normal pace while using their left hand to steady themselves.
a figure descends stairs tiredly, using its left hand to balance on the bannister
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person walks forward extremely slowly.
the man pick some thing up from the left and moved it to the right.
a person picks up an object from his left side and puts it to his right side.
a person lifts something heavy up and places it to the right.
a man drops down to the floor and crawls forwards on his hands and knees with his head down, makes a half-turn anti-clockwise and continues crawling forwards, then returns to a standing position.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls diagnoally, before turning around and returning to their orginal postion and stands up
person crawls forward then crawls back.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward and to his left, braces his right hand as he bends over and looks down, rises up and then takes two steps back.
walking in a diagonal then bending down.
man moved body right foot forward lean on table with right hand up, pulled from and took two steps backwards.
a person slowly walked forward
someone slowly taking a few steps forward
the person is walking very slowly.
this person paces the floor and then returns to their normal position.
a man walks to the left, then to the right and then sidesteps back to the left.
person walks right then left then stops in middle
a man is standing still, moves his left hand towards his face, then brings it back down
a person stands in one spot, then lifts their left hand to their face, and then lowers their hand
a person brings their left hand to their face.
this person stretches his right arm over head while standing still.
raising arms above head.
the person exhibits a laughing motion, then proudly flexes his right hand upwards as if he is fist-bumping to the sky.
a person is pulled by an unseen force, and tries to resist the pull.
person appears to be pulled by someone or some thing by there right hand.
this person appears to be dragged to the right.
a man steadies himself while walking forward.
walking on the balance beam.
a person slowly walked forward
figure appears to be waving it's hands for a warning possibly
a person brings both arms up and starts waving them simultaneously
a person raises both hands to chin level then waves both hands in opposing directions back and forth.
person is jogging straight ahead
a person run towards the left side.
a person is running forward.
a person sits down slowly but changes their mind and stands up.
a person sits down and stands back up.
the man has crossed his legs and sat down
the person fills the glass with water then pours it into the plant pot
the person reached on the table picked up a lightbulb and screwed it in.
a man reaches across his body with his right arm extended upwards and seems to be twisting something. he then takes a step backwards.
a person bends his arms and crosses them across the front of his body.
a person crossing their arms.
a person is crossing his arms.
a person jumps in the air and turns
the person making a giant jump.
a person swings their arms up, then lowers their body to the ground, and jumps.
a person walks forward slowly and deliberately.
a person walks forward slowly five steps then stops.
the person walks forward in a very slow zigzag.
a person jogs to their right and then their left.
a figure moves diagonally across a field, quickly side-stepping. they hold an object in their right hand and have it held slightly above waist height.
person runs sideways to the right then to the left then back towards the center.
a person walks down some steps with back facing the direction they are going.
the person is wiping their feet
a person slowly walked backwards
a person with their hands together walks backwards and sits down and then stands back up again and moves forwarda person with their hands together walks backwards and sits down and then stands back up again and moves forward
person was leaning over backing up and then sat down.
the person walks backwards in a zigzag as while squatting, sits down as if in a chair, and gets up and walks forward.
the man is waving with his right hand
a man waves with his right hand.
a person waves their right arm.
the person walks backwards in a straight line
a person walks backward for 3 steps.
the man takes 4 steps backwards.
person moves forward seven steps up a flight of steps
the person is walking up steps.
he moves a around then stop
a man is shot in the chest, falls to the ground, crawls and pulls himself up.
the person fell down and is crawling away from someone.
a person gets startled and falls to the ground, rolling over so that they can crawl
a person is pushed forward softly.
a person steps one pace back.
a man standing with his arms to his sides and legs spread apart to shoulder width takes two steps back.
a person walks forward in a slight wavy line, turns counter-clockwise to face the direction from which he came, sits with hands on knees, and then stands. person then walks forward back to the original point.
a person walks forward and then sits down and walks backwards to where they just were.
a man walks forward a few steps, then turns around, sits on something, then stands back up and resumes walking.
a person fastly moved in left direction while the hads was raised
person is backing up to the left.
he is dodging a punch in a fight.
a person walk forward very quickly.
a figure sexily struts forward in a womanly way
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward at a fast pace
a man walks forward with his arms loosely at his side.
a person walks forward at a steady and somewhat quick pace, their arms swinging slightly.
a person gets on their hands and knees and begins crawling forward, using their left hand to start, and then alternating with their right.
a person gets down on the floor with their knees, and crawls.
the man gets down on his hands and knees and starts crawling on the floor.
a person reaches forward with their right hand and then with their left hand.
a person reaches forward with one hand, then the other.
taps a object in front of them with their left hand and then their right hand.
a person walks forwards and squats.
standing person wobbles, then moves unsteadily forward then stops and crouches down
a person walks forward while not moving their arms.
a figure skips happily in a circle
a person is skipping in a clockwise directions with ease.
a person is skipping clockwise.
person jumps to the right, then jumps to the left, then turns around and walks back to the start before jumping once again.
a person sidesteps to his right, to his left, walks back and repeats this.
person is hopping back and forth
the peraon is getting down to play leapfrog.
a person gets down and crawls
a man steps forward, turns around and gets down on all fours, crawls, gets up, turns around and walks back.
this person moves his hands as if to throw a ball.
a person practices to throw something and then throws it
a person holds a ball in both hands before winding up to throw it with their right hand.
the sim is walking down the plane, before making a slight right incline.
a person shuffles forward, and then shuffles their right.
a person slowly walked forward in left and right direction
a person throws an object with a fast arm motion.
a person throws with their right arm.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a man walks counter clockwise in a circle
a person walks in a circle.
a person slowly walked forward by making the circle
a man standing and waves his left arm in the air then turns 180 degrees to the right then walks forward and stands still for 2 seconds.
a person waves before turning around and walking
moving hands in and out.
a person places a cup into a bowl
a person steps forward picks something up and sets it down.
a figure walks forward and seems to press a button on a counter
a person is making dough with his hands
a person makes kneading motions as if working with clay or dough.
a person is mixing something together.
a person raises their left hand above their head and motions downward. as if throwing an object toward the ground
person is practicing tennis moves
a figure gestures in frustration by extending then throwing down their right arm
a person walks straight ahead in a regular way.
a person is walking in place.
a person takes six steps forward.
a person squats and turns from side to side.
a person starts in a squatting position with his left hand to his heart and his right hand touching his head, and pivots on his feet from right to left four times.
someone is rocking on a swing
a person stands with their arms stretched out then sits down.
a man sits down, then gets back up.
the sim extends arms out ward, then taking a sit in a cress-cross fashion before standing up again.
a man is walking backwards slowly, stands still, looks around and walks forwards slowly
a person slkwly climbs three steps of an invisible ladder.
a person hesitantly climbs a ladder
walking in a diagonal line.
a figure takes a few steps forward then side steps before returning to its original path
this person stumbles left then right.
a person wlowly walked forward
a person walks straight ahead toward the viewer.
a figure slowly walks forward
a person quickly walks forward.
a person walks forward.
the person takes 2 steps forward and the video ends.
a person casually takes one step back.
person takes one step backward to their right
a person takes a quick step backwards and to their right.
a person walks forward, clumsily turns and walks back.
the man takes 2 steps forward then swings around and walks back.
the figure takes a few steps forward and does a quick spin (180 degrees) on their left heel and swaying as they step out of the turn.
a person walks forward then turns to the left.
person walks forward and to the right
a person who walked in a turn to their right
a person slowly walking backwards.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a figure walks backward slowly
the person is playing tennis.
a person swings their right arm upward in a circular motion.
a person deflects something with their right hand.
a person walks backwards to the right, then turns around and walks backward to the right.
a figure walks on their heels
a person walks backwards, turns around and walks backwards the other way.
a person walks straight slowly.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides takes four slow steps forward and stops.
a person walks up a slope.
man reach up with left hand threw arm outwardly and drew back.
a person raises their left hand, steps forward onto their left foot, and slaps with their left hand.
the person is playing tennis with his left arm.
a person raises their right palm in front of their face and looks at it, then lowers his hand.
person stands still then lifts right hand to face
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides raises his right arm and looks at his right hand, then drops his arm and resumes his original position.
the person is sitting back making a phone call.
a person is sitting at the desk, pick up a phone, dials a number, and places the phone to their ear. as the phone rings the person stands up from desk, no answer, the person sits back down.
a person is sitting down when they take a call in their right hand; they get up and then sit back down when they hang up.
a man runs away, forword he goes with his hand over his head.
a person leans right with both feet planted, gathers items, gathers items from their left, then centers before bringing their right hand to their face.
this person waves his hands and arms right to left then to the center.
a person stands in a defensive stance with right arm and leg forward, then uses the right forearm for a block across the body.
the figure has their legs apart and appears to be in a sort of fighting stance with their top half leaning back as the arms are up with fists closed as they imitate a dodge.
the man has his hands up and twists to the right.
a person slowly walks forward with their head down.
person takes 5 slow steps forward
a person walks forward slowly, beginning with their right foot.
a person clawing around like a cat.
the person is climbing and acting like a human panther.
a person does an animal impression
a person raises their left wrist and then lowers it again.
the person looked at his watch on his left wrist.
a person quickly checks their wrist watch by raising and lowering their arm quickly
a person moves into a fighting stance.
a person gets into a fighting position.
a person gets into a fighting stance.
a person twists at the waist, and reaches their right arm forward in a punching motion.
the person is punching to the right.
a person standing, stretching their right arm out and back at different angles.
the figure jumps and lands with its arms and legs spread, and then jumps again returning its legs to its original position, but this time its arms are in the air, jumps again and returns to the spread out position, and this last time it jumps and lands in a squatting position with its arms still held out, before jumping and holding its arms back up in the air.
a person does a jumping jack and then lowers arms and legs down to a squat
a man does a a slow motion jumping jack.
a person walks in a clockwise circle swaying one arm and keeping the other arm still
this person walks in a circle then turns to move left.
the person was walking with a handbag on his shoulder.
slowly wake on the left side.
a man walks to the left side and stands.
a person walks forward and to the right.
sitting down in place then standing.
a person squats deeply down then stands up again.
person sat down on the ground.
the person jogs in a straight line moving arms opposite of leg movements.
a person runs quickly forward.
the person did a quick run forward.
a person squats picks something up then gets back up
a person does one deep squat, and then moves their arms in a relaxed way.
this person bends at the knees to pick up something.
person walks forward at normal speed
the person is walking forward.
the person walks forward at a consistent pace
someone takes three steps forward
a person trips forward slightly.
the person was standing still and then tripped forward.
a person takes seven steps to the left in a circular motion.
a person is walking around the room.
a person is walking in a circle.
takes a slight bow forward.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides looks down as he stumbles forward.
the person was standing and pushed forward.
a person brings their hands together to work on something small in front of them.
a person standing with arms out at their side then bringing them in close together at the center and alternating moving wrists in a twisting motion as if opening a jar.
a man brings his hands together in front of him, fingers very close, and eventually turns his right hand to have the palm face-down.
a person waits and moves suddenly a few feet as if they were pushed.
a person is pushed slightly from the left while walking.
a person walks forward taking small steps.
a person bends over to look at something.
the toon is standing still, bending over as to be looking in a shelf or book case.
a man bends forward and looks at the ground
a person stretches out his arms
the sim appears to be stretching their arms.
man holds his arms up and out in front of him with elbows bent then extends both arms fully out to his side.
a person runs their right hand through their hair.
raising hands above head.
a person runs his right hand through his hair.
a person starts jumping jacks, then after a few seconds trips a bit and stops.
a person jumped while grabbing something
a man jumps rope.
a person strats jumping and sit on knee
a person runs on the spot, then squats a few times.
person is jogging doing a warm up.
a person walks up and then turns around to walk back.
a man walks forward, and turns around to his left and walks back.
a person walks forward, dramatically pivoting and swinging their left leg, then walks back.
a figure walks forward then spins on its heel to return backward
person walks forward, turns left, walks back
moving forward and turn back and walk front.
someone has received a phone call that they seem to be fidgety on
a person takes out their phone and makes a phone call, then sends a text and puts the phone away.
a person sitting down answers a phone call, then hangs up after talking for a moment.
the man is doing one leg kano
person is struggling trying to balance on one leg at a time
a person wobbles while standing on their right leg and then the left.
a person swings their right hand forwards, followed by their left.
the person was flexing something with his left arm and then flexing with his right.
a person bounces their body from left to right
a person is running backwards.
a person fastly walking backwards, from back
a person runs backwards from one end to the other.
the man raises both arms and begins a slow bounce, which transforms into a light jump.
a person stretches and bounces.
the person is standing on his toes.
a man is jumping rope, then starts to jump with one leg.
this person is jumping up and down as if to jump rope.
a person was jumping on something, and after changed right and left legs
a person is standing, but also leaning backward toward the left. the person shuffles there feet forward and toward their right.
person stands sideward and moves forward bending backwards slightly
a person is leaning back in resistance while being pulled by their right hand.
a person takes many small jumps while shaking their arms and body.
a person is hopping up and down.
a man jumps up and down and shakes his arms and hands many times in a row.
the person bend down and crawl or walk with his knee forward three steps and turn around walk with his knee one step again and stand up.
the person was crawling around and then stood up.
a person crawls on their hands and feet, turns around, and moves to a standing position.
a person moves to the left side and then to the right side, then stops
a person sidesteps back and forth.
a man sidesteps from the right to the left multiple times.
a person leand on the floor and moved in left and right direction
crawling around on the floor.
a person kneels to the ground and moves on all fours.
a person takes a step sideways to their right and assumes a seated position.
the person sat down on the chair.
person is standing and then sits down
a figure steps backward slowly and carefully
a person takes three steps backward.
the person walks backwards carefully
a person walks in a circle, placing right foot in the circle.
person is walking in a circle
a person walking in a circular motion.
person jumps 180 degrees once
a person hops and turns completely around.
a person jumps and turns around in the air to face behind him.
a person walks, turns around, and walks back
the person is walking and turning left.
a person walks and turns around left.
a person bends at the elbow on their right arm and waves their hand back and forth
he stays completely still still
a man waves his left hand before bringing it down to his side.
a standing person seems to be shoved from behind, then regains their balance after a quick stumble.
a man trips and moves forward.
a figure stumbles forward clumsily
a person nearly falls while legs are tied
a person stands with their right leg behind the left.  he appears to stumble to his right before regaining balance.
person stumbles and bends to their right side.
a person grabbed something and leand it to floor
person bends over at the hip and touches something on the ground.
the person is stretching forward then goes to neutral position.
a person takes a right turn while walking forward
a person walked slowly in an arch to end with a profile stance.
the said person above, walks forward multiple steps, begining at12 o'clock and ending at 7 o'clock. preformed in a clock wise motion.
the person is walking forwards.
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks forward starting with the right leg.
the person does a quarter turn to their left when jumping .
a man is facing forward. he jumps and is facing the left.
a person jumping and turning to the left.
the person paces while walking on all fours
person bends down and keeps legs straight flowing arms left to right before turning around and doing same back
a person is standing up, then puts his hands on the floor and walks around like a dog, then stands back up
the person is running in place in all directions.
walking in place while moving arms.
a person marches forward, makes a full turn around while still marching, faces forward and continues marching.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person slowly walked backwards
a man takes several steps backward, keeping his arms at his side.
a person raised the hand and start to make some pushs
the persons turns sideways and does 2 push out movements with its arms.
a person turns facing their side, then does three rows with both arms, then turns back to start position.
person leans down to the left and reaches out with his right arm as if grabbing something, then turns to the left and makes another grabbing motion, then makes a buffing motion with his right arm as if cleaning off something he picked up, and then leaning down once more with his right arm.
figure is slowly reaching to grab something first with his right hand and then washing something and putting it back.
a man stretches from side to side, picks something up, brushes it, puts it back down before stretching again from side to side.
a person curls both arms up and down twice.
a person performing two handed bicep curls
raising hands up and down.
a individual is crouched onto an object with both fist to their chest, shifting both hands up and down.
a person sits down while controlling the steering wheel
a person is in a sitting/crouching position, rotating their hands up and down as if operating a steering wheel.
as a person walks, he twists his ankle, walks some more and twists the other foot.
a person is walking with difficulty, then turns and continues walking
a man is walking forward, stumbles, turns around a bit then continues to walk
a person crossing their legs and bending down
walk quickly to arrive at a different location.
a person squats and puts their right foot in front of their right arm, and then stands up
the man throws punches with both hands.
subject is stretching with right arm, then the left arm.
the person is boxing to the left and the right
a person walks down stairs while holding onto the railing with their left hand.
walking forward then stopping.
the person is holding onto the rail walking downstairs
a person throws something with their right hand hard, then stumbles
a person throws something with their right arm and stumbles a little after the object has been thrown.
a person reaches back with their right arm and throws something forward with a lot of force, then they steady themselves to remain balanced.
a person picks a drink up with their right hand and finishes it.
a person lifts their hand to their faces and tilts their head back as if drinking
a person grabbed something and leaned it near to face
a man brings his arms down to his side, a man brings his hands back up and meets the together at his chest, a man drops his arms back down to his side.
a man puts both arms down to move something from one hand to another. he stretches both arms back up.
a man stands with his arms up at his sides then drops his arms down; brings arms up and touches both hands together and drops them back down then raises arms up in the air at both sides again.
a person slouches and holds their arms close to their chest.
a person is acting like a t-rex.
the toon is standing still crouching with both fist in front of their chest, bobbing up and down.
person is doing high knees and rotating arms into the air
a person hops on his right leg and raises his right hand and left knee, then repeats the movement with the opposite arms and legs, then resumes the original movement, while making a quarter turn to the left.
the person dances by putting left arm and right leg in the air then swapping both leg and arm simultaneously
the person was pushed to the right but did not fall down.
a man walks forward, trips to the right, then comes back to the center.
person walking forward and falls to the left
person puts hands to their side, and makes a quick forward quick with right leg.
a person lifts his hands from his waist, kicks backward with his right foot and holds his hand to his face.
a person kicks something and raises right hand to his face.
a person crouches down and prepares to sit on the ground and gets back up.
the person lowers themself to the ground and stands back up.
a person squatting down in a strange manner and getting back up
a person runs and leaps.
a person is running and jumps.
the person is running and took a leap.
a man is punching something several times with both his hands.
a person rubs his hands together
the person doing a warm-up of his wrist.
a man walks to the opposite end of the room slowly.
someone walks straight ahead them
a person takes a few steps forward and stops.
a figure stands with bent knees and raises and lowers their outstretched arms
person is wiping back while sitting.
the person starts raising their arm up and down
a man steps onto, walks across, then steps off a rectangular box on the ground.
the man is walking forward
the man steps up and walks across a beam then steps down.
a man walks sideways crossing one leg over the other in one direction, the walks back in the opposite direction
a person is walking crisscrossing their feet and then walking crisscrossing back.
a person sidesteps four times to their right and then sidesteps twice to their left.
a person walks in a curve to their right.
a person walks turning to the right.
a person starts walking and turns to his right.
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
a man lifts something from his left to his right
man moves something from his left to right
the man is standing still
a  man stands on the ground firmly,moves his body backwards and then foward.
the person leans back a little, then leans forward a little.
a person jogs right to left.
a person runs to the left, then runs to the right, then runs back to the middle.
the person is jogging back-and-forth.
person comes out to the left with arms looking like they are dancing. then starts moving circular to the left and then dances in a complete circle and ends up to the right and walks to the left.
a person moves clockwise and returns to original position then moves in right direction
a person performs a spinning dance in a clockwise circle, with their arms outstretched.
a person is sitting down with both hands up, and moves his right hand up
a man is in a squatting position, hands at shoulder height, and he lifts his right arm before dropping it.
the man is eating with his finger
a person walks forward and to the side
a person walks in a wide arc to the left
a person walks forward and then up stairs
a person walks forward as if they start to walk up stairs.
a person walks forward a few steps, and then he walks up a staircase.
a man jumps forward with his arms at his side.
the person is hopping forward.
a man jumps forward.
person is standing up while praying
a man stands shakily, holdings his hands in front of his chest.
a person stands, hands clasped together, and bounces gently up and down.
person walks slowly forward before coming to a stop
a man walks forward slowly, then comes to a stop in a standing position.
a person walks at a medium pace
person bends at the right arm a couple times towards head
a man repeatedly lifts an object with his right hand.
person is doing standing bicep curls
person brings left forearm up to their eyesight like they are checking the time on a watch.
a man raises his right arm and holds it across his chest.
a person is standing, raising their right hand towards the center of their body, and then brings right hand back down to the side.
a person takes 2 steps forward, turns around to the left and takes 2 steps back
the figure walk forward with his right foot, then walks forward and then turns on the left foot and walks forward.
a person walks forward, turns around and then walks back
a person walks backwards down steps.
a person slowly steps down some stairs backwards.
a person walks backwards down stairs carefully.
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
a person takes a step back.
the person was throwing a ball.
a person walks forward in a slow staggered pattern.
person moves forward drunkedly very slow eight steps
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides moves forward cautiously as he appears to be stepping around things.
a man walks forward and turns to the left.
walking forward then stopping.
the person is walking then turns to the left side.
a man sits down cross legged then stands up again.
kneeling down then sitting and standing.
a person sit on the florr and crosed the leg
a person walks straight backwards, and then comes to a stop.
the sim walks backwards down the plane.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person starts with their arms at waist height then moves slightly left and right.
a person raised a little hand
a person appears to be balancing on something
a man takes a big step towards his right.
a person carefully steps from top right to bottom left.
the person is taking side steps to the right.
the body goes on the knees with hands on the floor.
a person kneels down to all fours.
a person gets on their hands and knees.
the man steps forward 2 steps swings around and walks back.
a person begins walking then quickly turns around to stand with his back to the viewer.
a person walks forward, swings their left foot to the right in order to turn around, and then walks back to their original position.
a person who jumps up and then performs a 180 counter clockwise jumping spin
a person jumps and while they are in air they spin around 180 degrees
figure hop turns left 180 degress
the figure person raises both arms to horizontal left and begins to waltz in one location.
a person dancing in the style of waltz
a person is doing the waltz dance
a man shrugs both shoulders.
a person raises both their arms and shrug at the same time.
the man is fed up
a person runs and sits on something.
somebody runs to a seat and sits down quick.
a person scrambles to sit.
a standing person holding their hands in front of their face bend to the left trying to dodge something.
a person leans back to the left side.
a person in defensive pose evades hit.
a person kneels over and stays on his knees.
a person goes from standing to kneeling using their right hand for support.
a person kneels down on the ground.
a person lifts an object to his mouth with his right hand as he tilts his head back.
a person raises right arm above head while it is bent at the elbow.
a person puts his right hand to his face.
a person slowly walks forward
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walking really slow forward.
someone seems to enter carefully so as not to make noise
a person slowly walked
a man crouches and sneaks forward, turning his upper torso slightly to the right.
a person raised hands and slowly walked forward
the person walks down the ramp with their hands raised above their head. at the end, they spread their legs out and lower their hands.
a person walks forward while both his arms are all the way up
a person crouches on all fours, lifts their rear, then stands up and pivots to their left.
the person is standing on his head.
the person looks to be doing yoga
a person falls to their knees.
a figure walks forward then kneels down and raises their chest
someone with difficulty falls and kneels
a figure moves a glass right to left across a table.
a person who wiped something from right to left
a figure steps forward then moves an item from the left of a surface to the right with their left hand
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward four steps.
a standing man rests his right hand on an object and kneels down onto the floor.
he knnells down with stool
a person kneels on the floor
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a man walks forwards, spins around anti-clockwise on one leg and walks the other way.
the person walk forward swing around and walk back.
a person uses their right arm and hand to clean or dry something with an object.
a person is drying something with their right arm
a man chops up some vegetables and turns around.
the man moves to the side
someone stumbles back toward the left, then walks right again and faces forward.
a person standing upright suddenly staggers a step to the right as if pushed, then steadies themself.
the person is trying to unscrew a bottle cap.
a man is holding a bottle with his right hand, unscrews the cap with his left hand, drink, then puts the cap back on
a person unscrews a cap, takes a drink from it, then recaps the container
from zero to five seconds: person is standing with arms to side pivots entire body to the left with the right foot  and taking a step with left foot then returns body to beginning position
a person touches something on their right, turns forward and repeats.
person looks behind them then looks back twice
sitting down and crossing legs then sitting on the floor.
this person sits on a chair then moves to the floor to sit down.
a person sits down and crosses their legs, before getting up and sitting down on the ground cross legged.
moving hands toward face and shaking body.
the person shakes their hips from side to side
a person shakes their hips with their hands on their head.
a person performs left punches with his left hand in the kick boxing
a person punches something straight out then lower and lower.
person was fighting with a left punch.
the person is dancing in the video joyfully.
a person dances shaking theirbarms to the right and left then turns left and waves arms while turning to the right.
a person dances for 10 seconds
a person standing straight using their left hand to move as if mixing a batter, bending at the elbow, in counter clockwise rotation twice around.
he reaches out front of himself using his left and makes a counterclockwise stirring motion with only two rotations.
a man stands and stirs something with his left hand
a person runs towards the right side.
a person runs forward on an angle to her right.
person is running straight ahead
jogging backwards slowly once.
a person is dancing in a circle while facing forward.
this person jogs to the left then the right.
a person appears to be dancing
person jigs left to right in a happy motion swaying arms left to right and bending legs up and down
a person side steps to the left and right while dancing.
doing a cartwheel forward.
a person jumped by making the backfilp
this person does a front flip.
a person walks to their left, and then proceeds to walk in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle, then stops.
walking from side to side.
person is walking straight ahead
a person walks forward slowly.
person slowly walks forward in relaxed manner.
a person holds both hands in front of their face.
the person is lifting dumbbells with both hands
person is lifting something in a barbell bicep curl exercise motion
a man walks foward in a catwalk ,stops and then inclines his upper body foward.
the man walks forwards and then bends over.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person waives their left and right arms up above their head as if flagging someone down.
a person raises their hands above their head and waves with both hands.
a person extends their arms upwards then to the side and then drops them by their side.
the body walks in a slight bend right to left.
a person facing forward begins to walk slowly taking four steps in a gentle curve to his left and stops.
the person walks forward with a path that turns to their left.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides jumps in place twice and then shifts his body left and right while remaining in place.
a person hops in place twice, looks down at his feet, and repositions his feet, as if to steady himself.
someone jumps twice and looks down at the ground
a person is stretching their legs to the right.
a person squats to the right side while swinging right arm.
a person takes a wide, defensive stance.
a person walks striding forwards.
a person walks forward quickly with their arms swinging at their sides.
the person strides while walking forward
a person walks forward while he rubs his head with his right hand, and then puts both hands up to his ears momentarily
a person is walking forward, lifts their right hand to scratch their head, then raises both hands quickly and lowers them again.
a person walks forward and scratches his head using his right hand
a figure does a short jog forward.
a person runs forward quickly.
the person goes from walking to running
a man is throwing something.
person shifts weight to the left and swings right arm over their head.
person reaches upwards with right hand, then swings their arm to their left across the sky.
a person punches upwards with right hand.
person leans back slightly and bends arms to chest.
the person song with his right hand and upper punch
a person eating something in a squatted down position
the person was eating a hamburger
cowering in fear while squatting.
the person walked forward and shaked hands.
a person walks forward to shake hand.
a person walks forward and aggressively sets something down.
a person standing with legs slightly bent, raising both arms out to the side.
raising their arms up and out to the sides
a person raised right and left hand
a person does two jumping jacks.
a person does two jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a man lifts an object to his face with his right hand.
a person brings their right hand up to their ear and swivels their head.
raising hand towards face then back down.
a man energetically hops and shuffles his legs as he keeps his arms bent defensively in front of him, turning to his right and moving forward and back.
a figure stands in a boxing stance, hopping around
person is in a boxing stance
a person slowly walked forward
the person walks forward slowly then stops.
the man is doing step over gap
the person is using a dumbbell with his right hand.
a figure raises and lowers their right forearm, bending at the elbow, as lifting a dumbell.
the person wakes its red arm up and down 2 times.
person lifts both hands to shoulders and waves twice.
a person waves with both hands.
a person waves both arms and lowers them.
a person walks forward and turns left.
a person walks forward curving to the left.
the person walked in a curve to the left.
this person stands still then sways to his left.
person appears to be standing with both hands on hips then puts hands down.
the person was posing as a model.
the person slowly walks forward and then stops and stands.
a person walking on a straight line with his legs forward, one leg at a time.
a person walks forward slowly for a few steps, then comes to a halt.
the man walks forward at a normal pace
walking forward then stopping.
a man stands and stumbles forward in one step and almost loses his balance.
a person walks forward then swiftly turns counterclockwise, then takes a step and stops.
a person walks forward then turn around and walks back.
a person walks forward, does a spin on their left foot to turn around backward and continues walking.
the person walks through the aisles in the line at the amusement park
a person turns to the left, walks forward, turns around and walks away, and then turns and walks back to their origin.
a person walks to the left, then walks to the right, then walks back to the center.
a man walks forward, then moves quickly to his right and then back to the left.
the person was pushed but recovered from falling.
a man is moving forward then moves to the left then the right.
the sim kicks both right and left leg twice.
a person kicks their legs out front.
the person is kicking to the left with his right foot.
someone seems to call someone out loud
a man steps forward and shields his face with both of his hands.
a person steps forward, looks around with their hands above their eyes, then steps back.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
someone picks something up and puts it back where it was
a man slowly bends over at the waist and carefully picks up an object with both hands which he gingerly places it on a shelf supporting with his right hand at the base and his left hand at the top.
hey bent over person walks backwards primarily to the left behind them
a person is walking backwards while being crouched.
this person bends forward then walks slowly backwards.
a person crosses his arms in front of his chest
a person folds their arms
a figure hugs their arms.
a person jogs to his right, then left
a person jogs slowly to his right, pivots and jogs to his left, pivots and jogs to his right, back to where he started.
a person turns to their right and jogs, then pivots and jogs the other way, then pivots one more time.
the person was wobbling side to side.
someone kicked their left foot then their right foot then their left foot again while lightly swinging their arms forward and backwards.
person moves right to left two times shaking each foot
a person takes a few steps forward, then bends over grabbing their left leg with their right hand, and then steps backwards.
a person walks forward then steadies himself with his left hand as he bends his left knee, raising his left foot and turning his head to inspect his left foot as his right hand holds his left foot.  he releases his left foot and takes a few steps backwards.
a person checks left shoe sole with right hand.
a man steps back and kneels down
person shifts to the left, then steps up onto a box, steps over it, turns around and steps back over it.
a person climbs and steps over a stool, and walks around it.
person appears to hold hands as if they are holding a guitar and strums the guitar.
person is strumming on his guitar.
a person strums an air guitar one time and then lowers their arms.
a person is moving around his left and right hand.
picks up something and prepares for something else
the person is drying something with the right hand.
the person did a tennis match with his right hand.
a person steps forward and throws something at the ground.
person aggressive stands forward raises arm above head and darts it forward
a man walks up a round curve a stairs.
a person appears to step down from left to right, before turning around and beginning to step back up.
a person slowly moved downstairs and returned
a man lowers his arms to his side, then shuffles around in an erratic pattern, reaching for things at ankle-level with his right hand once and his left hand twice.
person is trying to block a ball as it goes by.
the figure seems to be ducking or avoiding an item or attack
a man raising both arms at the same time, then geting on his/her hands an knees, then standing back up.
kneel down with both hands
a person is standing extends his hands then kneels first his left leg and then the right
a person jumps up and spins around almost 360 degrees.
this person jumps and spins completely around.
the person to return twist jump.
a man puts on headphones and begins moving his body to the music.
a person acts like they put on headphones and are listening to music.
a person puts on headphones, then has a device in their right hand, which plays music.
a man stands still for several seconds, before taking a slow jerky step forward.
a person starts stumbling forward
someone takes a step forward as if they were bumped from behind.
a figure walks backward slowly
person takes five steps backwards
figure appears to be walking backwards
a man walks forwards at a medium pace whilst taking a gradual left turn.
a figure walks in a diagonal path
the person was bending to the left.
a person takes steps backwards.
a person stands still and then steps back.
person person is backing up from being pushed.
a red and blue stick figure walks slowly as he turns and waks in a big circle.
a person tentatively walks in a wide arc / semi circle front right to left across the ground
a man walks slowly in a circular fashion and appears to be tired.
the person walks in a clockwise oval.
a man walks clockwise in a complete circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the person is walking upstairs.
the man is moving his legs and arms
a person walks up four steps using the railing to help them climb
a person puts things together and begins to stir them with their right hand.
a man pours something and then mixes it.
a person walks forward and pours something from their right hand into their left hand.
a person walks in an angle forward and then stops.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person walks forward and to the side
a person walks forward and their leg spasms.
the person steps casually forward and sets its hips back while waiting.
walking forward a little bit.
a person climbing up something with their right hand slightly elevated, turn around then walks back down.
a figure climbs up steps backward slowly then turns and walks forward down those same steps
a person walks up and down stairs.
a man walks forward but seems to loose his balance
person loses balance while walking forward
the person walks forward before swiping their arm
the person is walking backwards from left to right.
a man turns right and walks forward then turns all the way around and walks forward then turns back all the way around returning to his original position
a person walks right, then left then back to where they started.
a man quickly steps forward and kicks an object with his right foot.
a person walks forwards and kicks.
the  man is kicking using his right leg
walking around in a circle.
a person steps back, then side steps to their right, then steps forward, then side steps to their left, then steps back again, and side steps to their right, then steps forward again and then side steps to their left again.
he is walking in a counter clockwise circle while never changing the direction of his body by turning.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their left hand
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their left arm.
a man stands with his legs apart and his left arm bent but in front of him, and he moves it up and down several times.
a person throws a ball with their right hand.
a person leans back and swing his arm forward.
a person makes a motion with his right arm as if he were throwing a baseball.
a person moves their right hand; left, right, up and down.
the person who does arms straight out and then it’s doing something with their right hand in front of their face.
a man raises their right hand and gestures around.
a standing person takes a small hop forward.
person stand still and jumps forward
a person clenches their fists then hops forward
a person throws their right arm forward and pulls it back grabbing it with their right hand
a person throws something with their right arm then catches something with both arms
the sim appears to be throwing an object.
a person sticks their arms straight out while their knees bent. their hands drop to the sides and then their arms stick out straight again.
a person is sitting down and extending his arms outwards, brings them down, waits, then does it again
a person lifts both their arms straight out to their side, then proceed to put them down and stay there still only to repeat what they did the first time.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward then slightly back then forward agin
the person was pushed but did not fall.
a person quickly runs forward.
a person does a slow run towards the camera and begins to slow down.
running forward in a diagonal line.
a person releases their left arm while keeping their right arm extended
the person is squatting with one arm down to his side.
a person raises their right arm.
a person takes a big step forward.
a person takes one big step forward with left leg, leaning forward slightly when planting left leg during first step. right leg follows but does not go further then left leg
a person takes one big step up to the left.
a person swings their left hand upward to the right
a person who is standing with his arms away from his sides takes a step to his right, leading with his right foot and throws an uppercut punch with his left hand.
a man leans to the right and swings his left arm upward in a punching motion slowly.
someone wipes an object in a circular motion with their left hand.
a person wipes something with their left hand.
a man rubs something in front of him.
a man bends at his waist, sits down in a chair and then gets back up again.
a person looks to their left and starts backing away from what they see towards the left side. they pause for a moment before stepping back to their original position.
someone hesitantly sitting down and then stands back up.
a man walks hesitantly from the right then to the left in a side shuffle.
this person steps to the left then to the right and back to the left.
the person is walking back-and-forth sideways.
a person catches a ball with both hands and then throws it with his right hand.
a man catches and object and throws it repeatedly.
throws and catches a ball
a man walks a straight line forward.
a man walks forward with arms down at his side.
a person walks down a slope
a person walks forward, swivels, and then walks in the other direction.
a man walks in and swiftly kicks his right leg out has he turns counter clock wise back around.
the man walks forward and turns left
a person punching each hand up int the air one after the other
a person raised the hands up and chagned them
a figure has both arms raised and stands in an athletic stance. they reach up with one arm and then the other.
a person bows very slowly.
a person bends forward.
person is doing low low deep exercises.
a person broadly gestures in a sweeping motion with their left arm.
a man stretches out his left hand and moves it in front of him.
a person lifts their left hand up to their shoulder height to wipe something from a counter.
person is standing and starts motion to their left
a person is doing yoga.
a person stands with arms and feet wide, drops his arms, and places his weight on his left foot while lifting his right.
a person walks forward, stops, picks something up and puts it down, turns around, and then walks back to starting position
figure appears to be walking and placing an item on a shelf
a person walks forward briskly, bends forward to pick up something from the floor with both hands, places it down again on top of something, then turns around and walks back at a normal pace.
a person sits down cross legged and then stands back up.
a person slowly crosses his legs as he sits down on the ground and then slowly stands up swinging his right leg out and down.
a person sits down and stands back up.
a person standing in a square, walks forward in a diagonal pattern.
a person walks at a fast pace forward.
a person walks forward at an angle to the right, then swings their left hand.
a person turns while walking backwards.
a figure moves its hips sexily while walking backward
a person walks backwards while dragging their toes along the ground
a person stands in one spot, waiting and looks around and then looks at their watch once.
the toon is standing, swaying a bit, then raising their left wrist as to check the time on a watch.
a person stand impatiently, placing their weight on their left foot, then on their right as they look at their left wrist.
the person was hopping on their left foot.
a person hops forward three times on his left foot.
a person hops forward using their left foot.
moving forward and jump on the front side on the floor.
a person runs quickly then jumps.
someone running forward with one leap
a person is dragging a something heavy around in a clock-wise circle.
walking to the side with arms near chest.
a person is walking in a circle clockwise whilst pulling something with both hands
a person doing jumping jacks
a person does jumping jacks in place.
a person does two jumping jacks
a person turns and looks to the right
walking backwards then stopping.
a person takes a quick and sudden half-step backward.
walks forward, lifts object, turns around, trips
a man walks forward,  opens a box on the ground, then walks away, losing balance.
a person walks forward and kneels down, stands up again, turns around and walks forward and stumbles
the man walks forcefully forward 4 steps.
a person is walking forward a few steps
the man is walking fast
a person jogs sideways back and forth before coming to a stop
a person shuffles to his right and then back to his right
walking side to side.
a person walks forward, moving up with each step.
a person walks up the stairs.
a person walks up 4 steps, beginning with his right foot and ending with his right foot.
a person walks forward, steps over something with his right leg, and then he continues walking forward.
a person walking straight with regular sized gamps between their feet
person is walking straight ahead
person lifts something as if to empty the content out by tilting it to the right
a figure lifts something from just below waist height then turns it or pours
person opens drawer, takes something out, and puts it back in
a person is bouncing up and down lightly.
a person hops up and down.
a person lightly hops, the feet not leaving the ground
the person is being pulled by his arm but is resisting.
a person fastly walked in forward and right direction
a person is pulled to the right by their elbow.
the person is walking in a counter  clock wise circle
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks forward then spins around with one leg then walks back.
a person is walking and then turns around and walks back
a person walks down and turns clockwise, stumbles slightly, and continues back up.
person sat down there and stood up and sat backwards in the chair
a person bending over several times
a person stands from sitting position and then sits back down.
the person takes a step forward and appears to pick an invisible object up and brings it to where the face would be if the figure had one.
figure walks forward and types with hand.
the person standing in picking up something to eat.
a person walks forward any diagonal direction
person is running very fast forward.
a person is sprinting fast
a person steps to his right.
a person walked in right direction
a person stumbles to the left, as if pushed.
a person swings their right arm across their body in an upwards motion.
the person was throwing you were saying right hand.
a person leisurely swings and arm in front of them
a person standing lifts their shoulders slightly and shimmies from side to side.
a person shrugs their shoulders and wiggles their arms.
a person shakes shoulders on the spot.
a person gestures with their right arm primarily although sometimes utilizes their left arm and tandem with the right arm to continue the gestures.
the person is placing things in order.
a person points with their right hand in several directions, then makes a horizontal sweeping motion with both hands.
person takes a seat on the ground with legs crossed and gets right back up to standing position
he moves a around then stops
person sits down in indian style and pops back up quickly
a person runs on the spot.
a person jogs in place
a person lightly joggin in place.
a person holds up both hands and slightly waivers before boxing.
a person punches something on their left-hand side, while keeping their other arm raised defensively.
a person turns to the right and punches with their right arm.
the person is walking in an s shape.
a person walks forward following an "s" path.
a man walks in a zig zag pattern.
a person walks slowly in a circle but then jumps back abruptly and continues to hop around.
person is walking and jumps to avoid something.
a person starts walking around slowly and then gets scared so moves backward.
a person walks forward and back while holding an object near their face.
a person holds a phone to their right ear and take a few steps forward and then back.
a person hold their phone in their right hand and talks while walking forward and backward slowly.
i person side steps to his right, sliding his feet across the ground.
the person was push and manage to stand up.
a person takes a long single step to the right, maintaining composure.
walks in a diagnol to the right and then turns and walks back.
a person slowly walks as if they are sad
a person walks forwards slowly, turns and walks back slowly.
a person slowly walked foward and right direction
a person walks forward in a z-shape
a person steps between raised platforms as they continue walking forward.
a person standing on their left foot lifts their right leg and moves it around as they balance
moving legs and like dancing.
a person keeps his arms out to his sides, and he balances on his left foot as his right foot moves behind his left ankle, then sweeps it out and around to his front, before bringing it down and then lifting it again.
a person pull down the hands and start to make a circle
lowering arms from shoulder height to waist then bending arms 90 degrees forward and rotating circular
a persons with arms raised to the side then makes vertical circles in front of them
the man is dancing around.
a person walks around with swagger using their right hand to wave.
a person dances around a room
a person stretches to the right and left then bends over to touch the ground before standing up again.
a person with their hands in the air to either side twists their body to the right, the bends to the side left then right, then bends backward and forward.
a person with their hands up turns their torso to the left and then stretches their body  to the right and then to the left before bending down to touch their toes
person standing with feet spread apart and appears to be calling out a football or basketball play.
a person raisiing both right and left hands then letting them back down to side.
person stands still then puts both hands on their head and release
a person walks forward  and down toward something.
a person walks forward with their arms to their side.
a person walks at a regular pace forward.
a person wlowly walked forward and return
a person walks forward, turns around, and then walks back to origin.
person walks forward and spins around on one foot then turns around and walks back.
a person slowly shuffles to the front right in a hunched slightly squatted position.
the person is sneaking sideways.
a person is crouched down moving in a gorilla-like fashion to their left.
a person raised the right hand and pull it down and raised the left hand
a person raises their right arm above their head, drops it, and then raises their left arm above their head.
person is doing elbow warm-ups.
a person looks at their watch on their left wrist.
person bends left arm and lifts it as if to check a watch and then brings it back down
this person is standing while looking at his watch on his left wrist.
he walks back and forth over some small obstacles.
this person appears to step over items.
move forward and turn back and move front ward.
a person stirs something with their right hand, stirring in a clockwise motion
someone stirs something with their right hand twice and then stops.
a person stands still and mixes something with their right arm in a clock-wise motion.
a person walks forward, turns 180⁰ to his left to sit, then gets up and returns to his starting position.
a person walks forward and sits down, then walks back.
a person eith a red left side and blue right side walks forward squats and returns
a person power walks forward.
someone seems to walk angry
a person quickly walks forward, swinging their arms.
a person reaches down with his hand and then walks over and starts moving his hand up and down.
a figure walks forward, turns left, stoops and reaches right hand down, turns and walks back to direction they came from, stops and moves right hand in circular motions while turning slowly around to face the front again.
a man walks forward dips his hand in two objects, then walks back and appears to clean something.
a person appears to scratch their head.
a person touches his head with his right hand.
a person touches his head with his right hand
a person is standing still, then takes a few steps forward and stops.
a person hesitates before walking forward
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a man is jogging in place, then he turns to the right and jogs to then end of the room, and then turns around and jogs back.
a person jogs in place and then jogs back and forth.
a individual runs in place before doing some light pacing back and forth.
a person waves their hands in front of their face.
a person raises both their arms and waves.
shake the hands and clappes the hands.
a person kicks someone or something in front of them.
the person is doing karate kicks to the left
a person kicks forwards with their right foot multiple times.
a man is startled and looks over his shoulder.
the man shrugs raising his left side a little higher than the right.
a person curls his left arm up towards his arm pit and then the same with the right. then is startled and quickly turns the top part of his body to the right and looks behind him. the returns to a forward position.
a standing person holds their right hand out in front of them, palms facing outward, and moves it in swiping motions from side to side and up and down.
a person washes windows with his right hand.
a person is washing windows
a man takes a few steps forwards, crawls on his hands and knees, then stands up and walks again.
a person is walking,then starts crawling forwards, then stands up and walks forwards
band on the ground with knee and pushing the hands with ground move forward.
the person is walking forward.
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something and put it somewhere
the person walks forward squats down, gets back up,  goes back, squats down and gets back up again.
man walks in a circular motion then stops right before completing the circle.
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
a person marches forward with their arms swinging at their sides.
a man walks forward through the streets flippantly.
this person marches at a quick pace.
a person puts their hands over their face.
a person raises both hand up in front of his face.
a person lifts their hands to their face.
perons walking from the right side, stopping occasionally to life up one leg.
a person walks in a curved line, lifting their legs high with each step
a person is walking with his feet high in the air.
a standing person emulates swimming.
a person waves his left and right arm in a circular motion.
a person stretches with arm swimming motions.
someone holds their hands up and lifts them slightly vertically
the sim is standing still as to be holding a pair of handle bars.
a man stands still for several moments.
a man squats slightly and then jumps forward several feet, ending in a standing position.
a person made a quick jump forward
the person's hands waver slightly. they hop forward once and their shoulders bounce.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks and turns to his left
someone is walking and decide to turn right to the street
a person holding something with both hands, turns and throws the object with his right hand.
a person throws something with their right arm.
the person makes a throw with his right hand
a person raises both arms up and down bending them at the elbow as if cheering or chanting.
raising arms up and down in unison
a person starts with hands held overhead and arms bent at a 90 degree angle, person then lifts hands up until arms are straightened and repeats this motion three times
a person sprints forwards quickly.
a person runs forward several steps.
a person quickly runs in a diagonal direction.
a person stands on their right leg then left leg.
a person takes turns standing on each leg and puts their arms out to balance themselves.
arms outstretched balancing on one foot
a person picks and item up and then lets it go.
a person picking something up  by bending down to the ground
a person bends down to touch their toes
a man is curling weights with one in each hand.
a figure repeatedly curls both arms upward from waist to chest.
a person stands still lifting their forearms as if lifting weights.
this person raises his right arm as if to check his watch.
a person puts his right arm up to his chest
a person is standing upright and lifts their right arm which appears they are looking at their wrist.
a person ran forward in right direction
a person runs in a straight line before slowing down to a walk.
a person runs forward then slows themselves heavily to a walk
a person slowly ran in the place
a person moves counter-clockwise in a semi-circular motion while appearing to jog, bouncin on feet and swinging bent arms.
a person runs in place.
a person walks in a 's' shape with their hands in front of their face.
stick figure walks in a w motion holding its arms in the air
a person with their hands in front of their chest, walks in a 3 shape.
a person is running back and forth.
a figure faces straight, then turns to the right and jogs 2 steps, then turns to the left and jogs over 4 steps. then, he faces forward, and jogs 3 steps to the right and comes to a stop.
a person runs back and forth then stands in place.
someone is holding something with their left hand and stirring it with their right hand.
a person is mixing something in what the left hand is holding.
person is mixing food ingredients
the person is wiping his leg
person puts hands out to side
the person has their hands on their knees while slightly crouching, and then t-poses.
a person in a t shape, bends down to the right and back up.
the person tilts to their right with outstretched arms.
bends down from the waist to the right.
a person picks up a long object, flips it upright while turning left, then steadily places it on something.
moving hands from side to side slowly.
a person gestures grabing something then puts it down to their right
the person lowers their arms and raises them back up.
person holds arms out then down then out again.
the person is fixated in a squatting position, and raises their arms up twice and holds them there.
the man sits and stares
a person slowly stands up from their squatting position, both hands firmly resting on each knee, and the person slowly straightens their upper body.
a person stands up from a squat and then leans forward and holds on to something.
a person stumbles forward then walks back.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides appears to trip forward and catch himself, then turn back and take a step.
a person suddenly tripping into the center.
a person is pacing in a circle
a person walking in a counter clockwise trajectory
a person walks in a wide counter clockwise circle
a person is coughing into their hand
a person hunches over, resting their left hand on their knee, holding their right hand up to their face as they cough.
a man is bending over and holding his hand in front of him.
the person is pouring some thing from a bottle.
a man standing reaches down with his right hand, he the lifts his right hand and shakes it, after shaking his hand he rotates his hand towards the ground.
a man lowers his right hand then shakes an object then puts it down horizontally and then goes back to his original position.
a person shakes hands together, pulls up something in front and from each side of body, pulls something over and sets it down.
a person raised the hands,and made some jesture
this person moves arms as if to celebrate.
a man hops up and down while using his arms, and seems to be using a jump rope.
a person grabbed something and start jumping on something
toon is standing moves, forward then makes the potion as to be jumping rope.
a person swings its left arm upwards.
a person punches left a few times.
a man punches upwards and to the left with his left arm.
the person is just standing still then straightens out their arms on both sides.
a person stands still and does nothing.
person is standing and then assumes t position
he walks in clockwise then stops
figure appears to be walking in a clockwise circle
person is walking in a circle
person swivels left and right while holding up both hands to his mouth and cupping them.
person appears to be cupping hands over mouth
a person puts their hands to their mouth as if shouting something.
in this one a person is stand
a person jumps in the air arms and legs apart then turns around on himself.
a person who is standing does two jumping jacks, turns 180 degrees, takes one step, turns 180 degrees and stops.
the person gets up from the floor and brushes themselves off.
a person laying down slowly gets on to their knees before standing up and brushing themselves off.
a figure rises up from a sleeping position to a standing position.
a person walks forward slowly.
a stocky individual walks stiffly down stairs.
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is making a simple crouch down.
a person raises hands above his head and does some squats.
a person is exercising by crouching down and up.
a person has a bent arm at the right side, then brings the right arm over their head
a person makes a sweeping motion high into the air with their right arm.
person stands still and throws something over to there left
a person is going to sit down and using his right arm to balance before sitting in a lotus position with the right foot behind the left with arms on the side. then goes back to his original position.
a person sits down on the ground and then gets back up
a person sits on the floor cross-legged and stands back up.
a person walks straight, takes a half turn to the left, walks and then stops
a man walks forward, turns right and walks in that direction.
a person walks forward, stops, turns directly to their left, then walks forward again.
running forward over an object.
a person running towards the camera leaps up and over an object pivots on their left foot and returns to jump back over the object once more.
the man walks and jumps from the side to the side.
person picks up something and adjusts top with left hand and puts it back down
the man is displacing tilt side
a man picks up an object on the right side with both hands.
the person put a cup up to his mouth and took a drink
person turns around in a circle and grabs what is possible a drink, takes a sip and goes back to original position
a figure turns around nearly in a circle then raises something to its head and nods
a person is crawling slowly backwards.
this person does an army crawl backwards.
person is crawling backwards on their hands and knees
a person does three jumping jacks and then stands with their legs apart.
a figure does jumping jacks
a person confidently performs jumping jacks
a man walks backward and forward multiple times.
person walks backwards, then sprints forward, then steps backwards.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks in a zig-zag pattern.
a man walks forward in a left and right zig zag pattern.
a person walking in curving manner
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person stands and brings back their right arm then extends it into the air above their head.
a person twisting from side to side and puts left arm up.
a person takes a few steps backwards, walks forwards and gets ready to throw something.
person walks forward and injured right leg
person turns around and walks to the right before bumping his leg into something, grabbing it as if in pain, then going back to walking.
person was walking down the path around things.
a person walks around an object in their path.
the person is careful while walking around the obstacles
the man is recovery stepping i think
a person steps to his right.
the person who recovered after stepping over some thing.
moving arms up and down in sync.
this person is making the same movements as doing bicep curls
the person is lifting dumbbells with both hands.
a person is walking slow while using a handrail.
a person steps forward very slowly, with their arms held out to either side and holding onto something for support.
a person walking forward very slowly while supported themselves with both hands on something and walking their hands forward along with them.
a person walks down some stairs casually.
person is walking down the stairs
the person walks down some steps
a man gets up off the ground from his knees.
person gets up from floor off right knee
a figure is on all fours then climbs to an upright position standing
a person walks forward and then turns to their left 180 degrees and then continues to walk forward
a person walks forward with thier left foot forward as they walk forward and turns back around and walks back to the place where they have started.
this person walks forward then quickly turns right to walk back.
the person is running quickly.
a person jobs in place.
the man is running on the spot
a person slowly walked upstairs
someone goes upstairs and stands
a person walks up stairs.
running and doing a summersault.
a person rolls on the ground, gets up and starts to run to the right.
a person rolls and tumbles and then starts running veering to their right.
a person loosely jogs forward
the person standing still and getting ready to run.
a person jogs forward in a straight line.
a person is jogging in place.
running in place then stopping.
a person was running on the place
a person takes a few steps forward, throws with the right arm, then a few steps back to the starting position.
a person throws something with their right hand while stepping forward with their left foot.
a person throws something with their right hand.
person takes on phone and talks to somebody, then ends call
the man is sitting then takes his phone out and makes a call.
a sitting person seems to take out his cell phone, talks and then puts it down.
a person walks towards the left making a wide 's' shape.
person walks in a s-shape before coming to a stop
the man steps in an s shape.
a person slowly stumbles forward
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person jogs to the right, then to the left, then back to the right.
a person slowly jogs 4 steps turning clockwise and continues to jog for step, repeat.
crawling forward and back.
band on the floor and  move forward  and  backward  create some thing like a draw.
a person gets on all fours and crawls around.
punching the air slowly.
a person throws his left hand in the air.
a person leans back to his right and pulls his left hand over his head
a person walks up four steps with their hands by their sides and their lean forward slightly as they go up the stairs and once they've stopped going up the stairs, they straighten up again
the person climbs up something for few steps.
a person is walking up a flight of steps
a man walks from left to right dragging his right leg.
a person limps as they walk forward, then they turn and keep walking
a person shuffles forwards with their right leg stiffened out.
a person sidesteps to their left and moves their right hand as if writing something on a chalkboard.
the person is drinking with his left hand.
an individual stands and appears to scribble on a wall board.
a person is sitting, and moving both hands together near their head.
a sitting person holding something with their arms bent up raises their hands to their face and lowers them back down.
a man is crouching and moves his arms in front of him.
a person runs forward and stops short.
a person is running fast then stops
person runs in a diagonal line.
a person walks forward and then to their left at a normal pace.
person walks forward and turns to the left and stops.
the person walk forward turning left.
in a standing position, arms moving up and down as if your throwing something to the ground.
the man wrists up down
a person moves hand up and down
moving hand around near chest.
the person is moving his right arm in front of him.
a man raises his right arm, makes a motion, and lowers his right hand.
a person slowly walks in a counter-clockwise circle
a man walks in a circle for 10 seconds to stretch his legs after sitting for an extended period of time.
person is walking in a circle
a man steps forward, then shakes something with his right arm, before turning to his right and repeating the process.
a person walks towards another and reaches out with his right hand for a handshake, then turns to his right for another handshake.
person is greeting someone and shaking his hands.
a person stands bent over making a scrubbing motion with their right hand.
a person is slightly bent over and is rubbing something in front of them
a person is rubbing their left hand with their right hand.
a person sitting on the floor scratches their head and then leans back on their left hand.
a person is sitting on the ground, scratches their face with their right hand, and turns to the right to look behind him.
a person is sitting on the ground, scratches their head and looks around.
a person slowly walked forward
this person walks quickly forward.
a person walks quickly forward.
a person hops in place, first small hops, then a large hop and then all over again.
the person is jumping up and down facing forward.
person is jumping up and down
a person picks something up and pours it to the right and sets it back down.
person lifts a bowl and tilts it to the right as if to empty the content
a person picks something up, looks at it and lays it back down.
a figure stands with knees bent, raising and lowering their arms out to the sides
a person stands still and does nothing.
a person is slightly squatted
a person who stands with his arms by his sides raises his right hand to his throat, brings his arm back down to his side, then leans right and left and straightens up.
a person confidently raises their hand to their chest.
a person salutes with his right hand and then slightly sways his body side-to-side.
a person is performing side to side hopping
person hops from side to side on one foot and then the other.
the person is hopping from side to side standing in place.
a person unzipping pants flyer
a person unzippers his pants with his left hand.
a person was standing at the place, while doing something with hands
the person is twist dancing and walking.
a man jumps up and down while twisting his body back and forth, then quickly steps forwards and backwards.
a person does a twist dance then walks forward.
a person is walking at an angle to the right.
the man makes a right turn
person was walking towards the right.
the person takes a few steps forward, turning to the right slowly with each step.
a person walks in a curved line
the person was walking forward to the right.
a person begins walking forward, then they kick and keep walking forward, and then they walk backwards
a person kicks with their right leg while walking forward.
a person kicks once with his right foot, walks forward, stops and then walks backwards.
moving backward and coming back side  forward on that floor.
a person walks in a straight line for a few feet, turns around, and walks the other way in an oval motion.
this person is walking backwards and turns around.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person walks slowly towards the camera slighty swaying side to side.
a person takes very small steps forward.
a person strums a guitar right handed.
a figure raises its left hand and strums with its right hand as if strumming a guitar.
the person is playing the guitar with his right hand.
a person unzips their pants.
the man open pants left arm
person is opening something with left hand while standing
a person is touching an object with both their hands.
a person is serving something with both hands
a person walks forward slowly while turning to the left, then raises their right arm and rotates their right hand, then raises their left arm and rotates their left hand.
the individual raises their arm almost as if to check the time on their watch.
person rises left arm like pickig something up
a person lifts up and looks at their left arm before dropping it.
a person sits down and gets up.
a person sits down on a recliner.
a person sits on something then standsup.
a person catches something and throws it with his right hand.
a person throws something, catches something, then throws again.
a person standing with his hands by his sides leans to his left, then leans to his right, raises his hands to catch something, tosses that something with his right hand, catches it again and tosses it again with his right hand.
a person is walking down the stairs.
a person walks with hands swaying from side to side and their knees bent, this makes it seem that he is walking down stairs towards the camera.
a person looks like he is walking down 4 stairs, first his right foot, then his left, then right, then left. he then stops.
the man touches his head with the left hand then the right.
the person scratched his head with his right hand and scratched his head with his left hand.
the man is lifting both arms
a person briskly walks forward
a person walks forward slowly
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward while feeling for an object to his left
a figure walks forward using a rail or wall to help it balance
a person walks forward, appearing to be holding on to a table or bars.
a person stands with arms swinging slightly side-to-side then walks forward a few paces, stops, and stands again with arms swinging slightly side-to-side.
a figure walks forward slowly (a woman?)
a woman strides down a runway during a fashion show.
a person holding their hands up and walking straight
a person walking forward straight with both hands in the air and then placing them back to sides.
a person walks forward, raises their arms above their head almost touching, then stops and drops arms
person is holding hands above head and lowers hands then raises them like stretching
someone is stretching their arms.
a man stretches arms over his head with hands clasped together.
a person slowly walked forward and leaned on something with body
a person is walking in zig zag and then drops to their hands and feet ' like planking
the person it’s getting down like a butterfly.
a man jumps high with elbows bent.
a person jumps up and down and then swings their arms back.
a person jumps, raising their legs.
a sitting person raises their left hand to their head.
the driver controls the steering wheel with their left hand
person sitting with hands together then lifts left hand for some time before putting it back down.
a person walks forward averagely.
he walks very slowly forward
the person is walking forward.
the sim is sitting down, appears to be either eating or drinking using their left hand.
the person raises and lowers their left hand while sitting.
a person eats with left hand.
a person is jogging around the room.
a man is jogging to 1 end of the room then back to the another end.
a person jogs briskly on the spot moving forwards slowly while maintaining high legs
a person falls to the left
a person faslty moved into left direction
the person must push from the right to the left but stay standing.
a person jumps sideways directly to their left.
a person jumps sideways to the right.
a person hops sideways to their left.
a person takes a step forward with their right foot, throws an object with their left hand, and steps back.
a person steps out and throws something.
this person steps forward and throws a ball.
a person leans to the left and picks something up, then leans to the right and picks something else up.
picking up a tool and an object cutting and keeping it in the same place, where it has been taken from.
person picks something up and does something
he is straining to do squats while holding a dumbell in each hand.
a person makes a squatting motion two times.
a person squats up and down, while their arms is in a w shape.
a person lifts up their left arm and dramatically dunks it down.
a person seems to angrily slap/hit something with their left hand, with their hand landing at about knee level.
he does a tennis smash
the person hops quickly before walking up the stairs
a person jumps on the spot, then walks up some stairs while using their right hand to steady themselves.
person jumps in air, then walks up stairs
the man raises his hands to block his face.
a person raises both of his hands into a catching position and then lowers them.
he puts his hands up then down
a person walks forward, picks something up, then walks back and puts it down.
a person walks forward and touches the floor, then walks back and touches the floor and stops.
the person walked forward and is picking up his toolbox.
a person walks a curved path a few steps to the left.
a figure walks forward and off to the left
person walks in curve from top left to bottom right.
this person walks forward, turns and walks back.
person walks forwards and turns around and walks back
walking forward and then back.
a person  walks forward and then up stairs.
a person walks forward, then steps up some stairs.
a person walks forward, then starts to walk up something.
person sits down putting arms on arm rests then stands back up
a person carefully sits down backwards
a person adjusts their stance to prepare to seat themselves. a person then sits down using both hands as foundation. a person then immediately stands up.
it is a person walking backwards.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks backwards carefully.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides brings his hands together and kicks out with his left leg, then kicks with his right leg, then kicks with his left leg, then kicks with his right leg and then stops.
a person clasps their hands in front of them and kicks out their legs alternatively whilst moving forwards.
a person kicks with each leg while moving forward in a zigzag pattern.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person skips once whilst jogging forward.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides steps back, takes three steps to his right, turns 180 degrees and walks four steps, turns 180 degrees and walks two steps and then faces forward.
a person paces back and forth.
simple moving forward and backward on the floor.
the person is reaching for something with his right arm.
a person reaches forwards with their right hand then does a rowing motion with both hands.
raising hands and swinging them.
a person lunges forward and jumps off of their right foot into the air, and then stays suspended in the air
the person jumped up and is standing on a ball.
a person jumps onto a ball and balances on it
a person walks to his left.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a person quickly walks diagonally forward and to the left.
a person kicked something with right leg
the person gives the soccer ball a light kick
the person did a low kick
a person walking slowly in front of them step by step.
person slowing walking in forward motion
a person walks stiff legged with their arms wide.
a man is catching an object and throwing it back several times.
this person moves left to right and uses his hand as if to back off something.
a person raised the left hand and made the jesture
a person walking forward in a steady pace
.a person walks forward slowly.
a figure walks forward with dullness.
moving hands and jumping.
a person has their left hand on their ear, pumps their right arm.
person holds right hand to mouth and swings left arm before bouncing with both arms facing out happily
a person remains standing and claps their hands
the person is posing for someone.
a person standing still claps their hands, then brings them back down to their side.
a person is doing acting like a little teapot.
a person brings their hands up to chest level, then flexes them both to either side.
the person was acting out the nursery rhyme i’m a little teapot.
a person is doing many different hand motions with both his left and right
figure appears to be looking around possibly hoking or skiing
a figure gestures like a choo choo train and then gestures out broadly to the audience as though performing
a person walks up to something and wipes it down.
a man walks forward and wipes something off of a surface
a person walks forward and bends over. they start performing a scrubbing motion with their hand as if petting a dog or cleaning a surface.
a person dancing around a room
a person does a series of dance moves with proficiency.
a person is walking forward and dancing at the same time. they are throwing their limbs out in sudden movements and shaking their legs.
a person does a dance moving to their right
the figure does ballet moves across the space.
the person was doing valet poses with the right leg in the air.
the person is putting his right arm on his head.
a person puts a hand to their head
the person raises its red left arm and the video ends.
a person throws a right over handed punch.
a person hit with right hand
a person facing to the left throws or swings his left arm.
a person walks forward and then turns in the opposite direction and walks backwards, raises their right arm and then turns around again to face forward.
the person is walking forwards.
someone walks forward, turns around and walks back the way that they came and uses their right hand to put something down.
a person crosses right leg behind left to sit down and then stands back up.
person sits down indian style and then stands back up
this person sits crossed legged on the floor then stands up.
a figure marches to their own drum
the man takes 2 steps swinging his arms.
person walks forward, turns right, and walks back
a man turns back around to his right.
a person takes a few steps forward and pivots on their right foot, almost losing their balance before walking again.
person is unlocking a safe
a person walks forward and turns right, then makes twisting motions with their right hand while slowly squatting toward the ground.
the person put his hands down to the side and is walking forward turning a knob.
the person is making a forward jump.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and takes one big jump forward.
a man jumps forward swinging his arms
the person is doing the macarena
the person is doing the macarena.
he does a robot dance
a person steps forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, turns on one leg , and walks back
a person is standing still, moves forwards, spins around, then walks back into the direction he came from
after five seconds a person lifts his left hand to his chin.
person puts left hand under chin and shifts upper body as if admiring themselves in a mirror.
a person standing still raises their left hand to their face.
person picks something up and swings it back and forth
a person picks up a weight and then lifts it up and down several times.
a person picks up a dumbbell to lift with their right hand.
a figure slowly walks backward.
a man walks backward slowly, starting with his right foot.
a person walks backwards up a ramp.
a person stretches side to side with their hands over their head.
a person standing, stretches his left arm up above his head and bends at the waist, and then lowers it and raises his right arm above his head and bends at the waist
a standing person stretches their right arm over their head, leaning to the left, then the left arm leaning right, then right leaning left.
person is doing arm circles over head
the person is doing front arm exercises.
a person twirls their left arm around as if to stretch it
a person walks straight going slightly to the left
a person walks in a diagonal line leaning toward the left.
a person quickly walks forward
person picks something up, look at it, and sets it back down
a person picks something up and puts it up to their head
a person picks something up, holds it near their head and then sets it down.
a person starts walking backwards, stops and turns around then walks backwards again
walking backwards and then turning around
the man walks backwards, turns around and walks back to where he started
a man takes something off a shelf and puts it on a table.
a person slowly walked and touched something with right and left hand
walks forward two steps to right diagonally and then shakes with right hand and then with left
a person holds both hands together over their right shoulder, then brings them both down.
the person was throwing with both hands
what seems to be a man half red and blue lifts op his right arm which red and then raises his right arm blue to make the motion of shooting a basketball
a man walks in a curved line using large strides.
a person walks in an s zigzag motion going from side to side.
the person walks in a large zig zag.
the man steps onto ice sledes with his right foot stopping at the bottom.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks up slowly.
a man steps forward onto his knees, using his hands for balance.
a person kneels to the ground, assisted by using his hands.
a person sat on the knee
a person walks forward, then takes a big step forward.
a person is walking forward then takes a big step over something with their right foot
a man takes a few steps forward, taking a big forward step with his right leg on the third step.
a man imitates unzipping motion with his left hand
a person unzips his zipper with his left hand
a person moves his left arm down the top of his left leg.
a person paces side to side
a figure paces confidently back and forth
he wandered left and right about the same place.
a person raises his hands overhead, steps up onto a beam, walks on the beam and then steps down off the beam.
this person walks forward while raises his arms straight up.
a person walking with both hands up
a person walks slowly backwards
the person is backing up standing.
a person sways while walking backwards.
the person is dancing the salsa.
a man is executing salsa dance steps.
the man is doing salsa dance
a figure hi fives
a person who threw something and then caught it back
person is playing catch with someone
person holds something up toward their face.
a man bends his forearms and raises his hands upwards towards eye level.
a person puts both hands in the air.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walking forward slow
a man takes intimidating steps down a slope.
a person uses their watch
the person is standing still putting his hands together
figure taps wrist while looking at watch.
a person runs forward at a medium pace.
medium pased but consistent jog.
a person jogs forward and then places their hands at their side.
a person gives high fives.
a man leans forward and then rears back to throw with his right arm, he throws again.
the person is getting hit with an upper right.
someone walks in a circle starting with their left foot while holding their arms at their sides.
a person walks around an oval like path
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
raising each leg one at a time.
a person is kicking something with their right foot and then their left foot
a person kicks both feet.
the sim appears to be standing at a sink, what looks like they use their right hand to brush their teeth.
the person opens a container and lifts it to their face.
a person steps forward and makes small rapid motions with their hands at waist height, then lifts their right hand toward their head and makes more small rapid motions with it.
a man steps forward with both of his arms stiffly at his side.
a person who took a step forward
person standing still moves forward one step
a person walks forward, bends at the waist, picks up an object in bother hands and throws ti
a person walks to the right, the bends down, then throws something.
a person bends over to pick something up and throws it.
a figure stumbles backwards then forwards repetitively as though drunk
the person is pushed backwards.
a person stumbles from left to right repeatedly in a drunken manner.
it look like the person is trying to stop someone or people around them
a man raises his arms and has a big stretch out before flicking his left arm out.
moving hands in and out near head.
a person crosses and uncrosses hands while swiveling legs and torso.
person is performing some kind of dance
a person is rotating his ankles as well as his wrists
legs a shoulders-width apart the figure has their arms straight out to the side and bends at the waist to the left not all the way down to the floor and then back up.
a man leans to the left while stretching his right arm up in the air.
the person is standing still with their arms out wide on each side of themselves and legs apart. while holding the arms in the same place they bend slightly to the left.
a person stands still while using their right arm to move from left to right, up and then down, and then out and in.
the person stretches their arms before writing on the chalkboard
a person makes left to right, top to bottom, and front to back swiping motions with their right hand in front of them.
person walks forward and to the right
a waking man turns to his right mid stride.
a person walks towards the right side.
the person is walking fast to the right.
a man evenly walks calmly forward while swinging left and right arms.
a man walks forward briskly, with arms swaying at his sides.
a person bends slightly at the shoulders and mimics the movements of picking something up with both arms moving it from their left side to their right side.
a person picks up something on his right and sets it down on his left.
a person bends over slightly and picks something up on their left side, and puts it down on their right side
person moves back sits down then gets up and moves forward
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides turns to his left, steps back and sits down, then rises up, steps forward and to his right.
a person moves backwards then sits down, then gets back up
a man swings with his right arm, then his left arm and then spins around.
person is working on balance for boxing
a boxer practices a round house punch
a person walks forward with the hands raised and then releases them to the sides.
a person balances on beam bar.
a person is standing still, and then starts slowly walking forward in a straight line while raising both arms straight above their head at the same time.. they come to a stop, and put their arms down again.
a person puts their arms above their head and stretches
a person is putting both arms up.
a man is stretching his arms upwards
a squatting person is eating/drinking something with each hand.
a person sits down and appears to be trembling as they lift their right hand towards their face.
squatting down with hands near face.
a person runs and then jumps
the person jumps over something and lands on feet.
person runs forward and then jumps forwards with both feet and lands on two feet
a person is walking carefully and making u turn.
this person slowly walks to the right, turns and walks back to the left.
person walks straight the the right, turns counterclockwise and walks straight to the left
a person takes a large side step to the right
person takes a large step to the right
a person steps to the right over an object.
a person walks forward slowly in place, keeping their arms at their sides.
a person walks forward several steps.
the person is walking at a normal pace.
a person steps down off of something.
a person steps forward slightly to the left, first the left foot then the right foot follows stopping at a fixed spot.
this person takes a large step as if to avoid a puddle.
a person who has his arms raised head high raises his arms above his head and lowers them three times.
a standing person holding an object in each hand pushes overhead while turning hands inward at bottom of the movement.
a person stand center of square and proceeds to push both arms up over the head and back down several times as if lifting a barbell weight
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward while tilting slightly to the right.
a person walks in a straight line downwards, putting one foot in front of the other
a man raise his right hand to his head then lowers it back down to the original position.
a person puts their right hand to their head and then lowers their hand
the person put his right arm up towards his head.
a person walking like a bird and then sniffing the air.
a man walks swiftly in a curved line with his back bent.
a person is walking around like a chicken
a person bends over and touches the ground with their right hand.
a person is picking up something from ground
a person bending down to pick up something.
a person puts both his hands on his face then bends over and comes back up
the person leans forward and puts their hands over their face. then they stand up straight again
giving instruction on a specific excersie move.
a person walks forward with their hands raised above their head,
a person slowly walked forward while raising up the hands
a person walks forward with both arms raised up in the air, and then puts them down.
person walks forward fast then stops
a person is walking foreword.
a person taking four steps forward in a slight diagonal line to the right with arms naturally swinging, the left arm having a more prominent swing.
a person, slightly bent over, takes five steps forward.
a mans walking forward slowly.
a person walks forward and stops in the center.
a person walks slowly while steadying himself with his left hand on something (table).
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides cautiously moves forward while resting his left hand on a table to maintain balance, then stops and spreads his arms.
a person walks while holding onto a railing.
a man holds his arms in the middle position and releases downwards , and then raises the right hand up and down.
a person lifts arms doing curls
a person raises both hands and then raises their right hand after lowering both hands.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and jumps in place, twice.
a person jumps on the spot two times.
a person jumps into the air.
a person appears to be swimming.
the man lies on his stomach while thrusting his hips and windmilling his arms forward.
a person swims in a fly stroke.
the person walks forward slowly.
a person slowly walks forward, in a straight line, with their hands by their side.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is doing exercise movements, moving his elbows and knees counter touching each other and finishing off with squats.
a person is exercising. first, while standing, they raise one knee and lower the opposite elbow to meet that knee in front of them. they do this a total of four times. then they raise both arms in front of them and squat up and down four times.
a man moves his elbows to the center of his body and the squats repeatedly.
this person appears to be speaking on a phone, holding it in his left hand.
a person raises their left hand to its head.
a person is talking on the phone angrily.
a person raises their right hand above their head.
the person stretches their right arm above their head.
stick figure is holding its right rm up in the air
a person is side stepping to their left and then to their right
a man shuffles to the right without bending his knees, and the shuffles back to his left.
a person walks upward to the left side and then walks backward to the right side
the person lift their hand then put it down
a person lifts both arms in front of his chest then swings them back down and then lifts his left arm up to his face and drops it back down
raising arms up and down.
the person is running forward very fast.
the person is sprinting forwards
a person runs taking large strides and then begins to slow down.
walking forward and jumping.
a person walks forward and then leaps over some object on the ground  before continuing walking.
a person walks forward, jumps over something, then continues to walk.
a person walks quickly straight forward.
person walks forward in speedy fashion
a man steps forward briskly for several steps.
a person who is standing with his arms away from his sides, raises his arms, leans left and swings his right arm above his head two times.
the person is moving his arm to the left.
a person stretches their right arm above their head.
a person is playing a violin.
a person is playing a violin
a person holding a violin with their right arm and playing.
a person squats and crosses his feet.
a person crouches down toward the ground with their arms spread, stands back up quickly, then crouches down again while briefly crossing their feet, and then they stand back up again.
a person trys to squat, adjusts their position, and squats. then they stand up.
a person raises their right hand above their head.
a person scratches the top of their head with their right hand.
a person raises their right hand to their head as if to scratch it
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a woman walks forward with hips shaking naturally.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person who ran in a circle and then started rolling both hands repeatedly
walking in a circle with hands near chest.
a person walks in a circle motion with both thier right and left,then leading both their hands in front of them making a scrathing motion
a person takes a step to the side with their right foot, and then retracts their foot as if nervous.
a person slightly moved forward and return
a person steps forward, then steps back, pauses, and then steps forward again.
a standing person scratches their head.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person scratched somethibg with right hand
a man wiping something with left hand.
the man is saying no and making gestures
a person shakes no with their hands and then proceeds to wash something in a circular motion.
person walks forwards slowly, hands gently swinging back and forth.
a person walks forward many steps.
walking forward in place.
a person lifts their arms, rotates their shoulders up and back, then tilts their head from side to side.
a person first stretches his shoulders by moving their arms, and then stretches their neck.
person is stretching by moving around their shoulders and arms
the person picks up the bottle of shampoo to wash the dog
the person pick something and then it’s wiping off some thing.
a person picks something up with their right hand, walks to the left, and then drys something off.
the person is lifting weights warming up his pects
a person who is standing with his arms and hands at shoulder height turns his forearms out and in, twice.
someone doing light arm exercises / movement
a person slowly walked forward
the person is acting like a dinosaur.
a person is creeping forward with both arms bent and hands at chest-level, then looks around and stands up straight but unsteadily.
a person sprints forward and then turns around.
person runs briskly forward, stops suddenly, then turns around and strikes a pose.
person runs forward six step and then faces other way after turning
this person jumps from a standing position and turns to the left.
the sim jumps, making a 90 degree turn.
the person did a quick jump turn to the left.
the person jumped up then he was pushed from the right side.
a person jumps and quickly steps to the right.
a person jumps, then gets pushed to the left
a man alternates reaching right and left at hip level.
a person walks forward and then leans back from left to right twice and places hands on their hips.
a person steps forward, picks up and pours two containers into a new container.
a man walks a step forward and kicks with his right foot
the person is kickboxing with his right foot.
a person takes a step forward while kicking out with his right leg.
the person is jumping up and down in exitement.
a person sat down and quickly jumped, then repeated it.
the man is jumping vertically
the man taps 5 steps balancing with his arms out.
a man walks in a straight line with arms outstretched as if on a tightrope.
a person walks forward while their arms is in a t pose.
a person ducks down like he's avoiding something, then turns around and ducks again
a person bends deeply down onto the right knee, begins walking to their left in a circle, then bends deeply again on the right knee and then stands up straight.
the man bends steps bends and walks clockwise in a circle.
person is crawling around looking for something.
the person is crawling around on all fours and then stands up
a person is on their feet and hands, rotates to their left, crawls and then assumes a standing position.
the person is walking forward.
the figure is straddling the emerging wavy line while walking expeditiously forward.
a person walks forward while dancing.
a person shakes their arms quickly.
bouncing arms up and down
person bends arms in, and flaps them like wings.
the person extending their left leg.
a person walks turning to the right and walks forward.
person bends body forward then walks half circle in a clockwise direction
a person is walking forward.
a person slowly walked in the place
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person who took a swift step to the left
the person took a quick stop to the right.
a man shuffles to his left.
man walks forwards then waives at the camera, stands there for a few seconds, then turns around and walks back to its original starting point.
a person walks forward and knocks on a door with their right arm and turns back around.
a man walks briskly forward a few steps, then comes to a stop, raising his right hand to wave, then turns around and walks back.
a person takes a step back
walking backwards slowly once.
a figure stands still then steps quickly backward
a person sways to the left and then to their right.
a person stayed on the place and moved a little bit
a person sways on his feet slowly
a person squats with their arms above their head.
a man squats down and up while holding something  above his head.
a figure crouches and crumples in frustration, gesturing wildly
a person is throwing something with his right hand.
a person is standing up and facing the left, and right arm is moving upward and to the left as if throwing something.
a person throws something with their right hand.
person walks up the stairs
a person walks up stairs.
the person is walking up the stairs.
a person jumps repeatedly, throwing their arms above their head and stretching their legs with each jump.
a man does several jumping jacks.
someone completes a set of jumping jacks.
a person reaches down to the right and transfers an item to the right.
a person picks something up with both hands and places it down beside them.
a man picks up something on the right side with both hands and then puts it down on the left side.
a person is pushed from the right hard.
a figure stands still for a moment, then steps to the left.
the figure takes a large step to the right.
a person walks to the the left.
a person turns to their left while walking forwards.
a man walks forwards whilst taking a gradual left turn, swinging his arms gently.
a person kneels over and touches something with his left hand.
walking diagonally then bending down.
a person kneels while holding their right knee.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes five steps forward, then walks up three steps and stops.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person walks forwards and up some stairs.
a person walks fast forward.
a person swiftly walks forwards.
the man takes several quick aggressive steps to the front edge and abruptly stops!
the person is doing some acting.
a person walks forward then walks backwards
a person walks forward then backs away quickly in a circle raising his hand as to push something away.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person throws something with their right hand.
a figure throws slowly with its left hand then relaxes
the person takes a short jog then stretches their arms
a man jogs to the right in an art stops turns back about halfway, then stretches his arms out at the shoulders.
the person is jogging half and then turning around and walking.
a figure walks forward and perhaps down stairs
a person walks towards a rectangle and follows a curvy line ahead of them.
the person is walking forward.
the man is doing seesaw
a person walks slowly swaying side to side.
a person slowly walks forward and sways side to side slightly with each step
person is standing with arms out
the person is standing still with their forearms and hands raised from their elbows
a figure stands with knees bent and hands/arms crumbled inward
he picks something up then throwed it
a man winding up arm to throw a ball
a person winds up and throws a baseball.
a person walks slowly, appears to be drunk, stops after taking two steps
man walks forward stagger left and walk back to the a step ans step left again to straighten walk up.
a person walks forward and then slides to the left
a person takes a few steps forward.
a figure walks forward, its mind made up of what its next purpose is.
the man is walking forward very fast.
the person reached over and grab some thing from the right.
the sim moves from side to side, crouching making a grab action as to be in a exercise routine.
a person side lunges to the right, stands up straight, then side lunges to the left
a person raises their left arm to waist level and twists their wrist as if checking a watch for one second the arm is then placed back by their side.
a man checks the time on his watch on his left wrist.
a person checks the time on his watch on his left arm
the person is walking slowly forward.
a person slowly walked forward
walking forward and then stopping.
the person walks forward  and to their left as if following a railing or banister.
a person walks forward while leaning to their left.
a man walks in a diagonal to his left, appearing to hold a cane or a walking stick of some kind.
someone shuffles their feet to the right, then left, then right.
a figure shuffles from the left to the right
a person skips to the right then skips to the left then skips to the right again.
a person raises their arms wide above their head.
a person standing casually, raises both arms up high above their head and holds the position.
this person while standing still raises both arms as if to celebrate.
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
person is walking in a circle
person is walking in a circle
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person as walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a large s pattern.
a man steps with the left foot and  walks fowards in a meandering pattern.
the person stepped over some thing and is walking back and forth.
a person hastily paces in an ovular shape.
person walks in a full counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
person was waving with his right arm.
the man takes a puff from his cigar
a person stands still and waves back and forth with their right hand.
the toon is standing still, raising their right arm in front of their chest.
moving hand forward while standing still.
a person raises their right arm straight in front of them, then lowers their back to their side.
the si is standing still, then raises their right arm.
a person is lifting the right hand up forward, and then putting it back down.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides swings his right arm forward and brings it back to his side.
a person holds something in front of them.
a person is holding something
person has right hand raised and sways slightly back and forth.
a man jumps from side to side with his hands to his torso.
a man shuffles back and forth between his two feet.
a person jumps from side to side while moving both hands
a person walks backward in a small zig zag
a man carefully walks backwards to the opposite end of the room.
a person slowly walked backward by back
a person takes four steps, the third being a longer stride than the others.
a person walks forward and carefully steps over an object in a lunging manner.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks slowly forward, stopping in a standing position.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four slow steps forward.
a person walks slowly a couple steps forward.
a man brings his arms up to neck level and punches the air in front of him with his right hand as his hips rotate, before returning to a standing position.
the person is punching the wall.
a person punches alternating left and right.
the person look like he was putting out a cigarette butt with his left foot.
a person extends his left leg out to the side and wiggles it and then squats down to the ground and stands back up then brings his arms to a t position.
a person rotating their left leg and then squatting ; standing in a t pose
walking forwards and then stopping.
user keeps arms to side, jogs forward slowly, and shrugs shoulders
the person will forward quickly and put his hands up to the side
person holds arms out then put them down then kicks each leg backward one at a time.
kicking leg behind back.
the person did it backwards karate kick.
the man is making gestures with his right hand
a person raises both arms and throws something with their right arm, then they quickly bring both hands together again as though catching something, while their upper body rotates to the right.
a man uses his left hand,puts  something  to the raised right hand and throws it foward.
the tune is jogging back and forth along the plane in a side to side fashion (horizontally).
a person jogs to the left and right multiple times.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides turns to his right and jogs a few steps, turns 180 degrees and jogs the opposite direction, turns 180 degrees and jogs in the other direction, turns 180 degrees and jogs a few more steps before stopping and resuming his initial position.
a person holds both hands in front of their face while moving their shoulders and fingers.
with hands in front of head, the person does a pulling motion, rolls his hands and repeats thisl
a person holds hands in front of mouth while leaning forward
a person waves his right hand back and forth while standing, he then turns his hand to the side continueing to wave his hand and then turns his had to the back still waving
waving hand near head.
a person is waving hello with their right hand.
the man is readying a stance to fight with someone.
a person puts their left hand forward in front of their face with their right hand position in front of them as well.
the person was boxing left upwards.
walking backwards and then sitting.
a person starts walking backwards and then sits down. the person then stands back up off the item he was sitting on and stands upright.
a person walks backwards, sits down, and then stands back up and walks forward.
the person is moving both his hands around
a person opens their arms wide and closes them tight in front of them.
the person is doing a pectoral warm up.
this person is walking backwards aboht 5 steps
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person walks straight backwards along the ground.
a person looks at their wrist and lowers their arm.
a person is standing and crosses arms over chest.
the person folds their arms
a person walks forward and slightly to the right.
the man steps forward on his right foot 6 steps then steps up one stair.
a person walking in a diagonal direction.
a man swing a golf club from left to right.
person makes a golf swing
person performs a golf swing
a person slowly and quietly sneaks down the hallway.
person sneakily walks forward in a slight crouch.
a person walks very carefully, hunched over.
a person is casting a fishing line.
a person standing throws something.
person lifts right arm up throws something then brings both hands together
the person walks forward with their knees bent in a crouching position.
a person walks backward upright and then forward crouching down and then finally backwards again.
a person steps backwards then walks forward while crouching before returning to where he started.
a person walks forward for a few steps.
a person slowly walks forward
a person walks forward and stops.
the man is running forward
a person quickens forwards as if spooked.
person stands still then sprints forward at speed
a person walks to the left while clapping their hand.
a person walks around while clapping their hands in front of them.
someone is walking diagonally forward and to the left while clapping their hands.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a slow counterclockwise circle, before stopping in a standing position.
a person walked by making the circle
the person is looking through the camera at someone.
a person raises his right arm to head height, talks, then lowers his arm.
a person bites into some food
running in a circle.
person running back and forth
looking up at the figure as though below the ground the figure bounces around in a circle with arms in a running position as they alternate back in forth naturally with the bodies bouncing motion.
a man walked forward with hands hanging loosely at his sides.
a person walks forward daintily.
a person walks quickly a few steps and then stops.
a person uses their right hand to throw an object in front of them.
a person pitches a baseball with his right hand after a full windup.
a person holds something in both hands, and winds up before throwing it very hard with their right hand.
a person does arm curls
a person lifts their arms up and down multiple times.
both arms are curled up towards the shoulders and back down.
raising arm towards chest while standing.
a person raised the left hand,
a person looks down and checks their watch for time.
the person is running back-and-forth.
a person jogs back and forth dancing.
a person side steps to begin to quick sprint to the destination, spins to the right and runs back to the original spot
figure rotates torso clockwise and then rotates hips counterclockwise
a figure stretches side to side.
a person leans their shoulders side to side, then circles their torso in a subtle circle, then rolls their hips in a circle.
person opens container then drinks it with left hand
a person raises his left hand up to his face and then brings it back down.
a person open the bottle and is drinking it with his left hand.
the person had his arms straight out put them down and is reaching for something with his right hand.
a person makes a cross in front of themselves with their left hand, left to right, then top to bottom, then reaches forward with their left hand.
the person moves uses their right hand to slide something to the right and then something down and then reaches forward.
a man throws a series of punches, two high, one low, then two high.
person stands with legs spread apart, right hands extends to hit opponent's head area twice and then the left hand does an uppercut move
a person punches with their right hand then their left then their right then their left.
a person military presses weights above their head.
a person is standing and looks like he is lifting a dumbell above his head. both his arms arm moving up and down.
a person with both arms stretched, bent up at elbow, bring their arms straight up and then back
a person is standing and throws something fast with his right hand.
the person threw some thing with his left him.
a person lifts his left arm and appears to throw something. the person then lowers his left arm back to the original position
a person sits down, then gets back up.
the sim is standing, moves into a sitting position before standing back up.
person squats  to sit on ground, with crossed legs and then stands back up to prone position.
a person walks to the right side in a semicircle
a person starts walking with their right hand and turns to the left side in a half circle.
a person is turning left while walking then stops
person was walking and hit his head.
a person walks with elbows bent, chest out and lifts phone up to their ear with left hand.
a person walks diagonally forward, stops abruptly, grabs his head with his left hand, walks backward briefly, and then turn to the left and walks straight.
the person is throwing some thing hard with his right hand.
a person stands wide legged and throws something with their right arm without moving their legs.
a person throws an object with an overhead teachnique with his right hand.
a person jumps up while spreading the legs and lifting the arms up above the head several times, then jumps repeatedly by alternating the right and left leg forward.
a person does jumping jacks and then runs in place.
a person stands with arms out to the sides, then brings his hands together as if grasping a golf club, leans over, and strokes from right to left.
person is doing a golf shot
the person putts the golf ball
a person runs forward and then stops.
the figure walks with his right foot first and then stops at second 3.
a person is walking straight
a person walks down stairs.
a person takes four steps down and stops.
a person moving down an elevated surface
a person takes a step over something.
a person is walking forward
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes five steps forward and stops.
the person mr. lifts their arms by bending at the elbow and using the bicep muscle to crawl.
the person was lifting dumbbells with both arms.
the person repeatedly lifts both hands above their head and back down, as if lifting something above their head.
a person throwing a punch upwards similar to a uppercut motion
the person is punching the air with their right arm
raising hands towards the air.
a person walks down stairs.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides walks forward down four steps and stops.
a person walks quickly five steps forward.
a person in a squatting position has body shakes and tremors.
the person is squatting with their hands near their face, shaking.
a person is in a sitting or crouching position with both arms elevated as if their first at in front of their chest & face, the person is moving slightly from side to side during the entire motion.
a person stretches arms and does arm rolls
a person moves both hands in large circles, counterclockwise with the left, clockwise with the right.
the arms flap up and down, both hands make a medium size circle in front of the chest, and then arms go back down to the side.
a person walks turning to the left.
a person walking in a half circle
he bends left then stops
person bends down and raises hands to face in different positions to side
a person is acting frightened
a person is holding their hands to their face and looking around.
a person catches an item thrown by someone.
a person twists as they walk forward.
a person holding something and walking
the person steps forward, then runs forward.
a person runs forward, stops, and then runs forward again.
a person runs, stops, and then runs again.
a person saunters forward.
the person is walking very fast forward
the person quickly walks forward.
a person grabbed something with both hands
person puts hands up holds them left then puts them down.
the man raises his hands to move something.
a person steps to their right, puts their hands up and then moves their left hand to catch or pull something.
a figure takes a small step to the side, with both arms out about waist level, brings its right (our left) down like it pulled a lever, raises it to about chest level, and then brings its left arm (our right) up slightly then it relaxes in a position slightly further out than it was before.
a person grabs with the left and harshly strokes with the right.
a person is slightly crouched and looking around
the man is looking around
a individual is standing in a defense posture, turning to their right, crouching again & shaking his left fist a bit.
standing in a squat, the person moves his arm in a large circle before letting them rest at his sides.
a person drops their arms to their knees.
a person leans with their hands on their knees.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides jogs in place, turns to his left and jogs, does a 180 degree and jogs again, does another 180 degree turn and jogs several few steps, stops and resumes his original position.
a person jogs in place, then jogs to his left, his right and then back to his original spot.
a person jogs in place and then jogs to the left, then turns and jogs back to the right.
a person stretches both arms out and waves them around.
the person wants to go out in the wide open.
a person brings their arms up in a stretch, the paddles a few times and twists their body.
a person who is standing takes one jump up off the ground and lands in place.
a person jumps in the air one time.
a person jumps up once.
he pretends that soldiers march
the person is marching like a soldier.
a person is marching at a walking pace.
he turns to his right
the man walks forwards, then pivots to right, turning around back the way that he came.
a person walks and turns to his right.
a man turns to the right, walks a bit, then turns left, then walks a bit, then turns left again and walks a bit, then turns right and walks a bit.
a person slowly walked in right direction and after forward and after in left direction
person appears to be walking in the shape of a five.
a person stands with knees bent and arms down on their sides, then continues to stand with arms spread out to the side.
this person with legs bent at the knee lowers his arms then raises them again.
a person bent, raises both arms at the same time, lowers them and raises
the person turned around very quickly.
a person slowly walked forward and return
a person is walking forward, spins around on their left foot anticlockwise, then proceed to walk back into the direction he came from
person grabs somethings with two hands and then holds it with right hand
a person has right arm up to push something away
person is trying to move or open something with the right arms, then both arms, and then just with the right arm
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks around slowly in a counter-clockwise direction, with little arm swinging; a deliberate stepping action (long stride, almost like counting meters).
a person walks confidently in a anti clockwise circle
person takes one step backward
a standing person suddenly steps back and slightly to their right.
the person was pushed from the left but did not fall down.
a person stumbles to their left.
a man steps widely to the side on the right.
a person stumbles to his left.
the body wiggles side to side as the hands come up towards the shoulders.
a person lifts their arms up and then shakes their hips.
a person lifts their arms and starts wiggling their entire body
a person runs straight forward at a fast pace.
a person runs forward quickly, veering slightly to the right.
a person is running.
a man throwing the valley ball diagonally from right to left and then catching back the ball
a person throws an object and then raises their arms to catch it once its thrown back.
a person throws something with his right hand and catches something.
person stands still and moves hips in a clockwise position
a man swings his chest around clockwise, and then swings his hips around clockwise.
the person is doing a hip exercise.
a person is slightly squatted and they don't move
a person with knees bent raises arms laterally then lowers them
the person stands in a squat and throws their arms up in a t-pose and begins to let them fall.
a person in a squatting position moves their arms in front of them
the person was eating with his left hand.
a person sits down and eats with left hand.
a person walks forward spins on their right foot and then walks forward again.
a person steps out, turns to the right and steps back.
a person slowly walked forward and return
a person swings their right arm over their head as if they were spiking a volleyball.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person pumps their right fist.
the person is waving at someone with the right hand.
the figure quickly raises it right hand and proceeds to wave towards the camera.
a person waves his hand enthusiastically
standing on one leg and hopping.
a person balancing with their left leg.
a person standing on one leg and trying to balance
a person appears to buckle something around their lap.
a person puts a seatbelt around their waist.
a person is standing and has left hand go behind body then right hand meets left hand and is brought forward as if putting on a belt.
a person jumps forward, takes 5 steps backward, and then yawns.
a man squats slightly, does a forward jump with both feet, walks backwards to the starting point, and touches his left ear with his left hand.
a person squats down then quickly jumps forward off both feet, and then walks backward to their starting position.
a person throws a forward punch with right arm
a person uses full force to punch with right arm and then kicks with right foot several times.
person pivots back to the right with arms bent at the elbows, steps forward and pivots again, turns forward and steps back, shifts weight to left foot, body bends to the left, kicks back with right foot, puts right foot down, bends right knee to the left and then moves left foot out.
a figure claps around shoulder height
person raises hands together neck height and claps
both hands meet in the center of the body and starts clapping.
the sim is walking, before briefly stumbling.
a person walks forward, the trips to the right.
a person walks forward and stumbles to his right.
a person moving something from left to right
a person reaches slightly down first to their left, then to their right.
a person reaches arms forward as he leans right to left
a person waves with the right hand.
a person is waving hello
a person raises their right hand and waves then lowers their hand back to the original position
a man leans to his left then leans back to the original position.
this person is throwing something with his right arm.
a person swings forward with his right arm and stands on his left foot
walking forward and then back.
a person walking forward gradually and swung his right arm crosswise before going backwards.
a person walks forward picks something up then puts it down and walks back.
a person appears to walk toward an object, knock or tap with left hand, and walk away again.
a man walks forward and knocks with his left hand, then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
a person walks foward towards a door, knocks, waits for less than two seconds, and then turns and walks away
a person reaches their right hand over their head as if looking confused.
the person is scratching his head.
a person scratches his head with his right hand
the man reaches out to shakes hands several times, then bows twice with his hands together about waist high showing respect.
a person greets and shakes hands several times.
person walked up and is shaking hands.
the person is walking at a medium speed.
a man walks a few steps forward.
walking forward and then stopping.
walking forward with small steps then back.
the man is pretending to be a penguin
a person pretends to be a penguin
stick figure stands still before taking a few jogging steps forward
a man walks quickly in a straight line
a person walks forward quickly
a person stretches their arms straight up while hopping slowly.
a person reaches towards the sky and does a pushing motion and keeps their arms up.
a person stands straight with arms outstretched to yawn.
a person pours with right hand.
a man takes a step forward, bends to the right, pauses, bends to the right again, and takes a step back to starting position.
a person picks up a beverage container and pours the beverage into a glass.
a person rapidly runs in a diagonal.
a person sprints diagonally to his left.
a person is running really fast.
a person throws something with their right hand and stumbles slightly.
the person makes three throwing motions with their right hand.
a person grabbed somethin with both hands, and throw it away
someone used his right hand to illustrate a hand to mouth motion, while in a squatting position.
a person sit on something
a person sitting down, raises their right hand a few times.
a person stand up, and bend the knee
the man looks for something on the ground stands ans backs up then seems to see it.
a person kneels down on the ground, stands up while, goes backwards and goes back to the grounds touching it with both hands
a man walks up something with his right hand raised.
a person climbs something while holding on with right hand.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person side shuffles back and forth while waving their arms around.
a person moved in right and after left direction
a person does an exotic dance
a person raises his right hand and then lowers it.
a person looks at their wrist and lowers it.
a person raises their right hand while tilting their head.
a person throws an object with his right arm
a person throws something with their right hand.
a quarterback will throw a football to another team member in hopes to score a touchdown.
a man climbs up steps.
the person climbs on a ladder and picks up something from a shelf
person climbs onto an object, grabs what would be a light bulb and twists it in using right arm
a figure seems to jog on a treadmill
person is running on treadmill
person is jogging with arms bent at elbows
a person lifts their left arm straight out.
a person raises their left hand to chest level then lowers it.
a person points with their left hand.
the man walks up 3 steps then down and forward.
person walks up three steps and then down three steps
that person is walking up and down stairs.
a person stumbles backwards wobbling slightly
a person bends knees and then stands back up quickly.
a person takes a step backwards.
the man walked in small circles pacing frantically.
a person walks forward, spins around, then walks back to where they were originally standing.
walking forward then the body twirls around fast and keeps walking.
the man tries to stand in a yoga tree pose and looses his balance.
the person is standing on one leg.
a person appears to balancing on one leg
a person claps their hands together.
a person slowly claps in a sarcastic mannor
someone raises both hands up to their chest and claps, then brings both hands back down to their sides.
a person raised their arms above their head then set it back down.
a man covers his face with his hands.
a person puts their right hand over their face to shield away from the sun. they also put their left hand up partially
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person walks up steps with the red arm grabbing onto something .
person climbs up words while using their right hand to hold onto something.
the man places something on a shelf bends to pick up things and places them back on the shof in a mixing motion.
a person washes something, reaches for something else and washes again with both hands.
a person reaching up acting as if they are replenishing shelves and then reaching back down to the left using both hands to grab something.
a man stands with his arms folded.
a person grabs their arms and then their stomach.
a person crosses his arms together in the center
person is warming up their arms
a figure waves above their head with one arm at a time, gesturing
the person is doing arm warm-up exercises.
a person raised both hands and lift something
a standing person lifts an object at shoulder height over head multiple times using both arms.
a person lifts weight above head with both arms.
a person puts their hands over their face.
a person holds his hands above his eyes as he looks to his right, left, and then straight ahead.
a person raising both fists to cover their face.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks in place.
a person does jumping jacks on the spot.
a person is standing up, then touches his left foot with his left hand then his right foot with his right hand
a person bends over to stretch over their left leg and then their right.
the person stretches from side to side
the person is stretching his arms to side .
a man picks up an object with his right hand, appears to open it with his left hand, puts the object back down and then stretches out his arms in a t-pose.
this person has his arms extended out to his sides then bring them in as if to look at a watch.
a person takes four leisurely steps forward.
a person slowly walks forward a few paces and stops.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man takes one step forward leading with his right foot.
person takes a small leap forward
a figure takes a sexy step forward, thrusting out their right hip
a person runs forward using both their left and right leg.
a person walks into a run
a person jogs forward a few steps before stopping, holding his left hand near his midsection as his right is held at his side.
a person bends forward with their right hand to their face.
a man bends over holding something in hand and drink it.
a person holds top of head with right hand while bending over forwards with left hand placed on left knee.
he slowly walks down the stairs
a person walks down the stairs while holding the rail with their left hand.
a person walks down some stairs while holding onto the side
a person quickly walks backwards and to the side
this person steps backward to the right then forward to the left.
a person loses his balance and falls to the left. he regains his balance and moves back to his original position.
a person walks forward slightly then walks backwards, then walks forward again.
a person walks forward and back.
the body walks forward a few steps and then backwards a few steps to walk forward.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, angles to his left as he continues walking and then stops.
a person is walking and bends left
a person walks in a counter clockwise half circle.
a man walks forward, picks an object up with left hand, moves the object to the right side and then steps back.
a person walks up to something and moves it from the left side to the right side.
a man walks forward and moves something from his left to his right.
a person walks in a wide winding path, making wide incomplete loops with his arms held low at his sides.
walking side to side.
a person walks forward then to the right then to the left, then circles around back to the right again.
a person is balling something up with their hands.
a person makes a hand washing motion.
a person holds his hands
a person walks slowly in an arc to their right.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person walks in a wide arc to their right
band on the floor and get down the head.
someone crouches on their left knee with their right hand on the ground and their left arm lifted behind them.
a person is crouching down with their right arm in front and left arm back behind them for support.
someone is crouched down, their arms are raised to their face, before they lower their right arm and look around. they then raise both arms again and repeat.
a crouching person makes movement of his body and arms slowly
a person is sitting and holding something to their head.
person is running straight ahead
a man jogs forward a few steps, before ending in a standing pose with his arms at his sides.
a man is going out for a jog.
a person slowly walks from side to side going forward.
a person walks forward slowly
a person walking straight forward.
a person shifts down to the ground and crawls forward before getting back up.
the person crawls diagonally on the ground then stands up
crawling forward and then standing.
a person turns around, backs up slightly, walks forward several steps, turns around and walks halfway back.
a person walks to the left, then back to the right.
a person turns to their left to walk diagonally down a path, then turns to their right to return back up the path.
walking forward in a line.
a person walks while placing their left hand on a surface.
a person walks forward holding handrail with left hand.
starting with their left foot, a person salsa dances forward and backward before turning around while continuing to dance.
a person dance smoothly, holding someone in both his hands.
person is dancing with himself
a person puts his hands to his face to shout louder
a person raises both hands to mouth level while the are out in front of their face and keeping the hands in this position for four seconds until the arms are lowered.
person is looking through his binoculars.
a man walks forward, turns to his right, and then stops.
a person moves his right foot forward then walks to the right, then stops.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a person facing the camera  raises their right (red) hand, and waves it back and forth.
a person raised the hand and start to shake
the man is waving using his right hand
he steps out gingerly, walking forward.
a person slowly takes five steps forward, beginning with their right foot.
very slowly a person walks forward
person got down and is crawling across the floor.
a person gets down on hands and knees and crosses the floor, then stands back up.
a person lowers to ground and walks on all fours.
a person uses their left hand to point forward.
the person presses buttons while at the atm
person is hitting buttons on a touch screen
this person is standing still but moving the top half of their body in a circular clockwise motion
a person rotates their upper body, then rotates their hips.
a standing person leans forward rocking their body clockwise and then rotaes into counter clockwise
a person stands and twists to the right to pick up what appears to be a light weight object ans then proceeds to twist to the right and place it down
standing in place and moving hands left to right.
a person is standing and he slouches his shoulder with hands out in front from side to side.
a person stayed on the place and after crosed arms
a person is standing and crosses their arms, and then uncrosses them.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides crosses his arms, pauses, then lowers his arms to his sides.
a person walks like a mummy with their arms up.
a person puts their arms out and walks forward like frankenstein,
a person raises both of their hands and walks forward.
a person grabs something with both their hands then places it to the right
a person picks up something with both hands then moves it a bit over to the left while placing it back down.
moving arms from side to side.
the person standing still with his arms crossed.
a man hold his left arm with his right hand.
a standing figure folds his arms across his chess, then unfolds his arms.
a figure runs in place
a person jogs in place.
a person is jogging on the spot.
person makes a grand gesture with arms moving from standing to sitting position.
a person has his arms extended outwards, then brings them down and sits down.
a person is stood with their arms out and then sits down
a man walks forward turning to the left.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is walking clockwise for 90 degrees
the man is throwing hard
person is throwing a ball
he steps forward with his left foot, turns his torso to the right, and raises his hand back; he then throws a ball.
a person is walking backwards, turns around, then continues to walk backwards.
a person walks backwards, turns around then walks backwards again.
a person walks backwards and turns around.
a figure is boxing upercuts with is left blue arm and his right red arm stays at a 90 degree angle.
a person is throwing an object with his right hand.
a person holds a disc in their right hand and then turns to throw it.
a person who is prone pushes himself up off the ground using his arms and propping himself with his knees before standing awkwardly in a ready to wrestle position.
a person is laying down and gets up.
a person lying flat on his stomach pushes himself up with his arms into a squat and finally into an athletic stance.
a  man stands on the ground ,walks anticlockwise and then stops.
a man walks and angled path forward towards his left.
a person walks in a curved path to the left.
person moves forward two steps then does a full turn and faces opposite direction
the person work for you turn right and walk back
a person takes two steps forward, the pivots on their right foot, turning 180 degrees to the right and returning to their starting point.
a person is stretching using his left arm.
man is warming up left arm
a person stretches by putting their left arm over their head.
person person walk in took a big jump.
a person starts in a crouch position then takes a large leap forward, turns and takes a large leap again.
a person jumps straight up from a crouching start, using their outstretched arms for balance, then they turn around and jump again, and return to a crouching position.
a person sat on the knee
person person is holding on to a stool to get down.
a person kneels down on both knees.
a person paces back and forth, anxiously.
the person walked to the right and then walked back to the left.
a person walks a few steps, turns around and walks more, and then returns to where they started.
the person just did a ballet twirl.
walking to the side spinning and jumping.
the person dances in a piroutte style from right to left
the person jumped back and forth round and round.
a person walked backwards, and grabbed something and start jump
the man jumps rope around.
a figure walks briskly up stairs
a person takes steps forward
a person walks up some stairs quickly.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person walks forward quickly and then comes to a complete stop.
a person takes a few quick steps forward with their arms swinging at their sides.
a person walks up steps and then back down the steps.
person appears to walk upstairs while holding onto the rail with right hand then walks downstairs while holding real with left hand.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides reaches for a handrail with is right hand and climbs up four steps before stopping, making a 180 degree turn and walking back down the steps while holding the rail with his left hand.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and moves around.
figure crawls on hands and knees.
a person gets on their knees then starts to crawl to one end then turns around and crawls back, they then got back up.
this person jogs forward a short distance.
a person jogs forward quickly.
a person runs in a forward motion
the person walks into an object that abruptly knocks it in a backwards motion
the person was pushed but didn’t fall down.
a person slowly walked forward and went backwards and return
someone is walking diagonally back and forth before stopping and facing to the right.
a person walks forward turns to his right, walks, turns to his right, steps and stops.
a person walks a few steps forward, turns around and walks back, then returns to where they started.
a person walks in a left diagonal then stops with hands slightly raised.
a person walks left to lower right.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a person stands in a t-pose
the person is standing with his arms straight out.
a person is t-posing (n/a)
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks slowly forward 8 paces in a lumbering fashion.
a person walks slowly forward
person is walking casually and silly
a man walks in a "u" shape with arms loosely at his sides.
someone staggers forward, then turns to their right and walks forward at a curve to their right.
a person sits down cross legged, then stands back up.
person sat down in a curtsy position
a person sits down on the ground then stands back up
a person swings their right arm in a circle, then swings it in a circle backwards.
a person is standing there and swings arm forward three times. the backwards two times, then crosses arms in front, pulls up pants and starts to jog.
a person stretches their arms in circular motions, then walks forward in a flexed stance.
a person jogs on the spot
a person is jogging in place doing a warm-up.
a person is jogging on the spot.
the person is walking towards the left.
a person walks forward then curves to the left.
a person walks at the edge of a rectangle on the floor and walks to other side of it.
a person raises their hands above their heads, rotates their torso side to side, stretches side to side, and then stretches back and forth.
someone is stretching out their core
a person twists from side to side, then left to right, then touches their toes.
the person is walking forward on uneven terrain.
a person is walking in a straight line back and forth on uneven ground.
a man steps on top of and then over an object at knee-height, then turns around to repeat the process.
a person veers to the right while walking.
half moon walk in anticlockwise direction
the person is making a right turn.
a person sits down legs crossed
the man takes a cross-legged seat on the floor then stands back up
person goes to sit down with left leg crossed over the right, then proceeds to stand up.
the person walk forward and then waved.
person walks forward, raises right hand and waves, then turns and walks back.
a person walks forward, stops and waves, and then turns around and walks back.
person uses right hand to wave. appears to be friendly and communicative
a person raises their right arm and waves.
a person raises his right hand above his head and waves.
jumping forward quickly then stopping.
a person pushes himself to make a jump
a person jumps forward one time.
he starts to strech a lot
a person puts both arms together and swings right.
the man shifts his weight back and forth between his feet while stretching his arms forwards and leaning forwards.
a person moves their arms in a strange manner.
the person adjusts their shoulders before outstretching their arms.
a person stretches their arms outwards.
a person walks in a full clockwise circle.
person walks in a clockwise circle at medium speed.
the man walks in a clockwise
a person takes a few steps forward calmly.
the person walked forward slow.
a person walks forward.
a person is moving something with both hands.
lifting up from left and then putting it back down to right
a man picks up an object and then sets it on top of another object.
the person lifts his right hand up and puts it back down.
a person holds out their right hand.
from a stationary position a person raises their right hand shoulder height and back to their side.
the person is running in place.
a person jogs in place
the sim is running in place, stepping to their sides & backwards.
a man walks back and forth in a room.
person walks to their left then to their right and then meets back to the center
the person standing in the middle walk to the right side two step and back to left side five step and back to right three steps and the stop in the middle.
a person walks forward while holding on to somethimg with their left hand.
a person walks forward placing their left hand on something as they pass by
a person is walking and touching something with his left arm.
the person has both hands raised to his chest as if he is holding onto something.
a person is blocking their face with their hands.
a person has his arms raised with elbows bent and doesn't move.
figure gets on knees crawls forward turns around and crawls back
a person gets down on their hands and knees, crawls forward, then turns around to crawl back to starting position, then stands back up
a figure sexy crawls across the floor.
person is in t stance, brings arms in, then returns to t
a person lowers their arms, raises them in front of them and then raises them out to their sides.
the person put his arms straight out to the side them hold them forward and put them in front of him.
a person in a defensive pose leans right then left.
a person leans to the right with arms up shoulder height with bent elbows in front of body.
a person bends at the waist to the right.
the person was turning on the faucet.
a person holds their right hand out.
a person pointing at something with his left hand.
a man walks foward,picks something with his right hand,puts it on the left side and then walks back.
the person is placing a cup with a bowl
walks forward, the right arm goes forward then across the body and back.
this person has arms raised then lowers them to his sides.
a person is sitting down while his arms are extended outwards, then brings his arms down, then back up again
a sitting person sits very still.
a person waves their hands in circles
a person with arms outstretched to the side brings them in front of them and rotates them each in a circle
the person puts his arms out straight, forms air circles with his hands and returns to standing.
a man picks up an object on the right side and place it on the left side.
a person reaches for something then moves it to the right/
a person grabs something with both hands, moves it to the side, and then places it back down where they got it from.
a person grabs something at waist level with both hands and moves it to the right.
a person picks something up with both hands then places it to the right of him
person slowly picks up something from his left side and carefully places it to his left side.
standing the right hand is raised with elbow bent to head level and then returned to starting position.
a person uses their right hand to take a drink.
a person raised the right hand
a person moves their arms in front of them.
a figure stands with its hands waist level, then tentatively raises its hands in response
a person stnads still for a while, then appears to catch something in their hands.
a person throws something with their left hand.
the person is throwing something with his left arm.
the person throws the ball with their left arm
the person is greeting  someone.
a person is holding up a phone in his right hand, while waving with left hand
the person waves using their left hand
a person walks forward and raises their arms in victory.
a figure walks with their hands in the air.
a person walks over a beam
person is trying to sit down but gets back up instead
a man crouches with his right hand on the ground then gets back up again.
person leans down and places right hand on ground, getting down towards the ground, shifting around, before standing back up.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks backward while slightly crouched over.
a person takes 11 steps backwards.
a person runs in place and then steps to the left, makes a clockwise circle while in a running motion, where his hands are moving up and down.
the person is jogging in place and then jogs to the right then to the left in a circular motion
someone is jogging in place, waving their arms up and down and then moving in a circle.
the person claps and puts their hands down.
the person claps their hands briefly and then returns to neutral position.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, brings his hands together, claps them vigorously five times before dropping them back down and resuming his original position.
a person places something up high with his right hand, turns around to the right and takes a few steps away, then turns around to the left, walks back to where they started and picks something up from the ground with their right hand.
the person is waving goodbye with his right hand.
he walked away from something then come back to pick it up.
a person pulls with their right hand as their tugging to the left.
a person reaches with two hands, as if to grab something, then leans and reaches to the opposite as if dragging something.
a person grabs an item on their right, then struggles to pull it to the left.
a person punches in front of them with their right hand while slowly entering a squatting position, then they stand up and stop punching
the person is punching in a sequence.
a person doing fast quick punches with their right hand.
a person runs in place at varying speeds
a figure begins running in place, his speed increasing until he suddenly stops
a person faces forward and progressively runs faster while alternating arm bends at the elbow.
a man is walking on a treadmill with his arms swaying loosely at his sides.
person is walking on what looks like would be a treadmill
person walking on a treadmill
a person walks forward slowly.
this person gets up from a swat position then walks forward.
a person stands from a crouched position and walks forwards while swaying their hips.
the person is filing their fingernails.
a person puts his hands together.
a person holds his arms bent with his hands near his sternum and fidgets with his hands, then puts his left foot forward, bends down and kneels his right leg on the ground.
a person stretches their ankles and wrists.
a person stretches their right ankle then left ankle.
a person is dancing with their hands clasped together.
a person is on the ground on their knees, gets up into a standing position, and then sits back down on their knees.
a person is kneeling down, then stands up, then kneels down again
a person stands up from a kneeling position, then kneels back down.
a man stands on the ground,puts his hands together and starts clapping.
simple clappes both the hands.
the man is moving happily
a person walks forward and moves something with his left hand.
a person is walking forward and touches something with his left hand.
the man walks forwards, grabs something with his left hand and then pushes it to the right.
a person takes three quick steps backward.
a person walks backwards several steps.
a man takes 4 steps backwards.
a man jogs from the left side and stops turns and jogs back to the right side and stops and jogs back to the middle where they started.
running from side to side.
the person is jogging back-and-forth from left to right.
person makes motion of stuffing something into an object, then makes motion of picking up and putting on a lid as they walk across the room.
a person dries right arm.
the person is drying his left arm.
a person picked up an item on the left side then placing it down on the right side.
a person picks up an object, moves it to the right, and places it down.
a person grabbed something and  put it down
a person lifts something up and tips it over.
the person is tilting something to the right.
a person lifts an object from their left, holds it beside them to the right, then places the object back down.
a man walks with arms switching from side to side.
a figure runs forward, jumps, and steps back
a person goes backwards, and then crouches forward, then jumps
person took a step and sat down in the chair.
this person sits down then stands up.
a figure slides to the right and sits down
person stands straight with both arms stretched outward, claps their hands five times and returns both hands down to his side
a person claps with their hand.
the person  had his hans a part and then you clash them together.
the person is dancing the waltz.
the man dances the waltz.
person is practicing dancing with a partner
a person running on the same spot
a person is running in place.
a person runs in place.
running from side to side quickly.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides turns and runs to his left, does a 180 degree turn, runs to his right, does another 180 degree turn, runs to his left, does another 180 degree turn and runs to his right before stopping mid-way and resuming his standing position.
person jogs left then right then back to where they started.
the person is jogging in place.
a person is running in place and then stops and stands still.
a person runs on the spot without moving.
a person standing still, then took one step forward.
a person takes a step forward.
a person quickly steps forward.
a person dances the waltz with good form.
a man holds both hands up in the air steps forward with his right leg then to the left with his left leg, steps back with theleft leg then slightly to the right with the right leg. man repeats this motion once more in a waltzing motion.
moving forward and backward and draw a image on floor.
person was pushed and recovered from falling
this person stumbles to the left while walking forward.
a person walks forward and is pushed before continuing to walk.
the sim is walking, then turns left.
a person walks forward turns left and walks back.
a person takes two steps forward, pivots then returns to original position
a man throws a fake punch.
a person punches out right and then left.
a person hit with right and after left hands
this person appears to be fighting.
a person moves both arms straight in front, and bends them at the elbow
a person holding their arms up in front of their face, brings up right arm higher.
a person walking forward rapidly.
a person walks forward fast.
a person walks forward quickly for a few steps, and stops in a standing position.
walking forward and then stopping.
person is walking straight ahead
man walks slowly forwards with his arms by his sides
person quickly shuffled backwards several steps.
person takes a couple steps backward
a person takes three steps backwards.
a person squats down briefly with both arms lowered before jumping up once on the spot.
a person does a high jump.
a person jumps from the bottom to the top.
someone crosses left leg in front of right then lowers body down in a sitting position and puts their arms in front for support
a person crosses his legs, bends down touching his hands on the ground, and he stands back up.
a man crosses his right hand in front of his left hand and then crouches down.
the person walked and then turned right.
a person paces back and forth
the person takes a few steps forward, turns around and walks back.
the person is walking straight and turning left.
a person walks towards the left side.
the person is leaving something in circular motions.
a person moves something with their right hand.
subject moves right arm in a small circular motion then stops.
a person waves a friendly hello.
the person is waving with their left arm.
a person wave his left hand.
the sim appears to be holding an object in their left arm, using their right hand to stir the contents.
a person who seems to hold a bowl and stirring something
a person mixes batter.
a person walks forward drifting slightly to their left.
a person walks forward normally
the person is walking normally forward.
a person pumps their right and left fist in alternate.
a person punches with their right hand and then their left.
a person swings both arms back and forth while they're bent at the elbow, and moves their feet together.
a person kneels with arms out and then uses their right hand to help with standing up straigth.
someone standing on their knees puts their right hand to the floor to push themselves to a standing position.
a preson stand up from knee
a person is walking with high knees on the spoit in a reverse clockwise motions and then ends in the beginning of the circle.
a person alternates lifting their feet and hand, right hand and left foot, and vice versa, moving in a circle and then turning around.
a person is walking in a circle.
the person is kneeling down with his left hand.
a person kneels down then touches the ground with his left hand.
a person holds both arms extended out to the sides and then kneels down on the ground
a person moves by taking a step to his left and turns slightly to the right to sit down. he then stands up using his hands to push up to assist him while standing
stepping to the side then sitting down.
a person slides to their left, takes a seat and then stands back up.
the person pick something up and tilted it onto the right.
this person lifts and item with both hands and places it down to the right.
a person reaches for something then places it to the right side.;
it appears as if a walking person trips over something or missteps with their right foot.
this person was pushed from behind but did not fall down.
person loses balance while walking
a person puts their arms down and sits down and puts their hand on their lap.
the person was standing up and sat down.
the man drops his extended arms then take a seat.
a man throwing something or swinging something
a person throws something with his left hand
a individual is standing at an angle raising their left hand in the motion as to throw an object like a baseball.
man jumps quickly to the left side
the person that is avoiding being pushed.
a man stands on the ground and then takes a long  step to the left.
a person is running continually in place.
a person runs in place quickly.
a person is running on a treadmill.
a person takes a big jump forwards.
a person takes a huge leap forward.
the person takes a long leap forward
a person subtly looks right, brings their hands together in front of their chest, looks left, then raises both arms up to their sides like wings.
a man opens a can with one hand, then raises both arms out to the side.
a person moves his left hand and forearm up to his sternum, his right arm comes up to meet it, then they return back down and then rise straight out to a t-shape
a person walks in a counter clockwise half circle, then turns around and continues walking in a clockwise half circle.
the person walks in a semi circle, while at the end of the semi circle they walk back in the same semi circle ending where they started
a person walks back-and-forth following the same arch like path
a person a little jumped forward
a person jumps to a spread eagle position, then jumps to a feet together and hands above their head position.
a man does one jumping jack in place.
a person walks forward and steps forward on their left foot, reaching their right arm out before returning to regular.
a person puts their arms out and seems to balance on their left foot, then does a lunge forward with the right knee down and stands back up.
a person slowly walked forward and start balancing on one leg
a person lifts dumbbells towards his body several times.
the person is lifting dumbbells in both of his hands.
a person uses both hands to lift dumbbells
a person jogs forward for several seconds.
a person is running on a treadmill.
a person is running forward.
a person jump and turns 90 degrees.
the person is jumping 90° in the air.
a figure hops in place while turning to the side
a person puts his hands on his thighs then stretches his arms out so they are parallel to the floor.
moving hands down onto knees.
a man lowers his arms to his thighs for a few seconds, then lifts and extends them out to his sides.
he moves around then stops
the person swats something, then claps their hands.
a figure tosses something lightly with their right hand, then reaches up with hands clasped
a person runs forward and falls to the ground.
person runs forward, then braces their fall to the ground
a person runs then rolls on the ground
a person slowly kicks with their right leg.
a person takes a step forward with their left foot, kicks something with their right foot, and pulls their right and left foot back.
man takes a step forward and almost falls
a person starts in a crouch position, stands and stumbles as if drunk, then looks at something in his right hand.
a person is bend over with his right hand on the ground, and he brings his left hand down to the ground before standing up suddenly and stumbling back a step, then stares down at something held in his left hand.
a person bends down and picks something up with his left hand then places it in both hands and looks startled by what he sees, he then looks down at it as its in his right hand.
a individual is standing still then crosses both their let and right arms together before resting their arms at their sides again.
a person folds his arms in front of him.
a person stands in the ground, crosses his arms to his chest, then drops his arms back to his sides.
a person takes a quick step back.
a man takes 1 step backward.
person standing still moves back one step
a person is using binoculars
a person shouting for something
a man raises up his hands ,moves them right to left trying to find something and then lowers them down.
person jumped straight  up vertically.
man bends down at the knees and jumps into the air with his arms straight up above his head; repeats this one time.
a person goes into a deep squat and jumps up from this position and the action is performed twice.
the man is doing push recovery stand
a person walks backwards a few steps
a figure walks backward a few short steps
the person is shaking out both her arms.
person is moving in relaxed manner dropping his hands, shifting body weight from one leg to another, taking couple of random steps.
a person appears to be modeling something and starts the process by throwing their hands down twice as if shaking off water.
a person leans their body moving their right arm above their head past their left shoulder.
a person stretches by leaning to the left, putting their left arm on their hip, and putting their right up straight up and over to the left
a person stands and stretches their right arm above and over their head to the left, their left arm spasms at the same time.
a person jogs right, left then back to where they started.
a person jogs to the right and then to the left
this person jogs right then left and right again.
the person starts with a slow clap, stops, and then claps again at a faster pace .
a person claps, pauses, then resumes clapping while looking to their right then their left.
a person is sitting down and clapping, then stops, then claps again while looking around
the person is doing an upper body warm up with their left arm in the air.
person doing a stretch of the left arm
a man stands on the ground, lifts up his left hand in the air and then moves the right hand foward.
a person raises both hands above head and bends as if trying to dodge something.
a person takes some steps to the side and backward and holds their hands to their head for protection twice while looking at an oncoming thing.
this person walks around as if to be mad and yelling.
a person acts like they are walking up stairs.
a person puts out their hand to grab a handrail, climb some stairs and let go of the handrail when they reach the top.
a person holding a railing as they go up stairs.
the person is dancing the cha cha .
a man takes some waltz dance steps.
a person does the chacha dance to the left
a person raises their left hand to check the time on their watch.
a man looks at his right wrist.
the person pulled his right arm actually just put it back down.
a person lifts his arms and waves both of them left and right several times before lowering them.
a person raised the hands and made some movments
waving hands around near face.
crouching forward while walking as the right foot is dragged behind.
someone clutches their right leg and drags it while limping forward.
person leans forward and limps forward while holding left leg.
a person is pushed by an unseen force, before they recover.
a person slightly moved left
a person gets bumped by something and stumbles to their right
a person is stretching their arms.
a person stretches with both arms
person did a big stretch to the left and then a big stretch to the right.
person quickly puts something on the ground as if to catch something and then starts walking backward with the object
this person moves forward in a brisk way.
a person pushes and object forward.
walking forward and then to the side.
this person walks forward, stops and turns toward the right.
the person like a straight line forward and then a straight line to the right.
the person stands still while doing the t pose
a person stands still.
person is doing pose that looks like a t
a person who stood in a t pose ; then pours something down
a person is wiping something down with their right hand, then left.
a person lowers their arms, then makes several motions with the right arm followed by motions with the left arm.
the person rolled over from his side.
a person laying down rolls over to his side
a person laying on the floor, rolls to its left side.
a man walks doen what appear to be stairs and stops
a person steps over something while walking.
the person is stepping over a gap.
a person shakes with his left arm up, then puts it down and shakes with his right arm up
person is standing still and bending arms up and down alternating
a person shaking both right and left hands in the air.
a person using a shovel to dig in the ground.
the person is digging with a shovel.
a person who seems to sweep/mop in a bent over position
walking forward while bending down.
the person walks forward and shows pain in his left knee and then bends down to hold it. the person, while holding his knee starts to move and rotate his left knee while standings on his right leg for balance.
a person walks to the left side and grabs his/her right knee.
a person walks forward and down a hill.
an individual skips steps as he descends.
a person walks down stairs casually.
someone is trying to walk in a straight line
a person walks forward slowly and holds to a rail
a person walking forward slowly using hand rails on the left and on the right
moving forwarded on the lake.
the tread mill is slow
person is walking slowly on a treadmill.
person jumps to side with legs and arms then squats a few times with arms raised
a man does jumping jacks in slow motion.
a person dances, or jumping jacks mixed.
a person lightly hops forward.
a person is standing up straight with their arms to their sides, they pull their elbows back and bend their knees then jumps slightly forward.
a person jumps forward slightly.
the person is walking slowly forward.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person is slowly walking forwards
a person grabbedsomething and lean it somehwere
a man moves his right arm around in a clockwise circle a few times. his palm is facing down as though he is stirring something.
while standing waving your hand in a circular pattern.
the man starts with his arms crossed and then gestures to both elbows.
the man is making gestures
moving arms from side to side then turning and walking.
moving forward slowly while bending down.
this person walks around as if to sneak up on something.
the person looks to be crouch and stealthily walking by moving and looking all the way left then repeating the same action to the right.
the man peels something in his left hand stooped over then stands, puts it in his left and and backs up.
figure appears to be scooping up an item
a person is drying their right arm
person walks backwards flailing arms, then walks forward regularly
a person moon walks backward then forward.
person is walking backwards like a zombie.
a person lifts their right arm up and slams it down angrily.
a person raises their right arm above their head and brings it down sharply.
the man slams something onto the ground.
a person puts their hands together and draws them up to their right, then swings them both to the left as if they're golfing.
a person picks up their arms and then swings as if hitting a golf ball.
a person performs a perfectly good golf swing
a person jumps and spins 180 degrees.
person uses right side of their body to give them momentum to turn 180 degrees anticlockwise. appears to be energetic
jumps up in a tight twirl.
a person does an aggressive shuffle back and forth
the person was doing horizontal jumps back-and-forth.
a person uses their legs to shuffle back and forth from right to left. during this motion the person's body shifts right and left as well.
a person is jogging around
a person jogging in circles in a clockwise trajectory
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides jogs counterclockwise in ever widening circles.
the person is coaching basketball signals.
a person doing several different type of hand signals
moving hands around near chest.
a person kicks with their right foot two times.
he seems to be practicing kicking a soccer ball with his right foot.
a person kicks something twice with his right leg
a man lifts something with his hands, and then places it back.
a man places his left hand onto his right biceps the returns of to his side.
a man lifts an object and realized that he hurt his right arm so he grabs it with his left hand.
a man jogs in place, first slowly, then building up speed.
person does a running motion while staying in place and increases pace
a person is running on the spot
a person stepping straight backwards
a person walks backwards straight.
a person takes five steps backwards taking the first step with their left foot and then alternating.
a person performs a handstand.
a person who is standing with his hands down at his sides steps forward onto his left foot, bends over and does a handstand, then returns to his left foot, stands up and steps back.
a person does a handstand and then returns to their feet standing.
the figure seems to imitate a gorilla or sloth or zombie as they move slowly with arms forward and upwards as the right arm sways downward as if to grasp something as the left arm is lifting upwards to balance out the right.
person is pretending to be an animal
moving hands around near chest.
person extends left arm slightly then bounces on spot
a person hops up and down very quickly
a person moving left forearm and then hops three times.
a person walks clockwise to the right.
a man walks in a quarter circle clock-wise.
a person walking and turning to the right.
kneeling down in place.
this person gets down on the floor on both knees.
a person uses their left hand to help them kneel down.
someone is walking backwards and clockwise around a tight arcing path.
someone moving diagonally backwards as if dragging oneleg
a man drags his right foot diagonally across square, then turns and drags it back to center.
a man is standing still, puts his hands together and behind his back, then proceeds to lunge his hands forwards, as if he is fishing, then brings them back in
a person casts a fishing line, then reels it in.
man intertwines his fingers in front of him into a big fist then brings it up and behind his right shoulder then swings his hands out in front in a casting motion; bring his hands back to his chest and moves his right arm in a counterclockwise circular motion.
a person is walking forward.
the person as walking forward at a normal pace.
person walks forward at moderate pace.
a person walks forward diagonally.
a person is walking forward.
he walks forward directly then stop
a person is looking around with binoculars
a person raised both hands, and leaned them on face
a person raises both hands and brings them to his face.
someone brushing something off of their arm
a person appears to be playing the violin.
a person holds something in their right arm and strokes it with their left hand.
the person is warming up his elbows.
a person stretches each arm over their shoulder.
a person is dancing and lifting their right arm up twice then their left arm up twice, all while shimmying.
a person sits briefly and then rises again
a person is standing, then they sit down in a chair and then stand back up
a person sits down on an object, then stands back up.
the man is walking backwards
a person walks backward in a straight line.
a person walks backward without looking behind them.
a person leans to their right and stretches.
the person pick something up and poured it to the right.
moving hands towards the side.
this person bends down as if to shew something.
bending down and waving arms.
bending over and waving arms around. then stands up walks backward then steps to my left.
a person walks forward and to the side
a person casually walks in a wide arc to their right then stops and stands still
walking in a diagonal line.
a person flaps both of their arms like a chicken.
a person impersonating a chicken
the person is flapping their arms like a chicken.
a person walks forward quickly.
person walks forward in a speedy fashion
a person walks forward quickly for a few steps.
person walks in veering motion to their right
he strolled from the top right diagonally to the bottom left.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a man stands with his arms crossed, then drops them to his sides.
person crosses arms then uncrosses them
person folds arms then puts them to the side
a person jumps on the spot twice.
a person jumps on the spot 2 times.
a person bends their legs and jumps in place twice.
a person crosses their arms, then brings their arms back down.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, crosses his arms, then slightly adjusts his arms in the crossed position, then drops his arms to his original position.
a person crosses his arms and then drops them to his sides.
the person is taking a picture of something.
a person raises both their hands to the left.
a person holds both hands up in a catching motion.
a person runs across the area
a person runs in a straight line.
a person run forward along the diagonal
the person seems to be throwing something
a person throws something.
a person throwing something with their right arm.
a person drop kicks a hackie sack ball.
a person performing a front kick with the right leg
a person is kicking with his right foot.
the person is sitting down with his arm straight out of the side.
a person is sitting down, with their arms at their sides, and then places them up at shoulder level to rest on something.
a person sits and then eventually raises their arms at their sides.
reaching forward with right hand to shake hands then returning hands to waist
a person grabbed something and shake it
the person is shaking hands.
the man making is making gestures
person is jumping up and pushing their arms out in the air
a person steps and hops from side to side while moving both hands above their shoulders.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle twice
a person walks in a wide circle to the left.
a person walks in a clockwise direction, completing one and a half circles
a person is running forward and then backward in a circle.
a person jogs around the room in a counter clockwise direction.
a person jogs on the spot and drifts ina
he does a wipe back circle
a person stands with bent knees and raises both arms out at their arms.
a person is sitting and raises both arms up to their side
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes four very slow steps forward.
a man walks forwards at a slow pace, allowing his arms to dangle at his side, and then stops.
a person is walking very slow
the first one was walking forward and stepped over some thing.
the toon is walking at a moderate speed, slightly limping toward the end of the "plane".
a person walks forward and steps over something by leading with their right leg.
a person swings a left hook.
the man does a quick hook shot towards the location where some ones gut would be.
a person gives a left hook.
the person is doing the side winco dance
a person waved their arms like a hula dancer while sloding their feet across the ground and movinh diagonally across the room.
the person slides to the right five times while swinging their arms as if dancing.
a person walks calmly from the top left to the bottom right.
a person walks slowly a quarter of a circle counter clockwise.
a person walks downward and to the right.
the person is turning right.
a person takes two steps, hard-pivots on their right foot to do a 180 to their right, then takes two more steps forward.
a person is walking, turns around, and walks back
a person slowly lowers his arms, claps then walks forward to sit on a chair with his arms behind his head.
person begins in t-stand before lowering arms, clapping hands together, then walking forward and appearing to sit down and lift both hands above head.
staring with arms out in a t, a person brings their hands together for a clap and proceeds to take two steps to sit down to relax.
person is lifting dumbells both hands
subject is standing facing forward subject bends both arms upwards as if doing a bicep curl then moves arms  back down again
a person raise both their arms and sets it back down twice.
a person flaps their arms quickly like a chicken.
the person puts their hands inward and flaps their arms up and down.
a person emulates a chicken by flapping their wings.
a person is standing at a slight angle, he lifts his left hand twice leaving their fist at about shoulder length.
person lifts left arm up repeatedly
a man bends his arm at his elbow in front of him.
a person moves side to side in a zig-zag fashion backwards.
a man is is doing basketball drills.
a person is moving around erratically.
the body slides to the left.
a person quickly sidesteps to the left and regains balance.
person was pushed from the right side but didn’t fall.
person leans side and walks hesitates and avoids
this person steps very carefully left to right several times.
a man tiptoes forward with arms slightly lifted.
a person bounces on their feet.
the person is hopping up-and-down.
jumping up and down with arms away from hips
a man runs forward and then stops running towards the end.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person fastly ran forward
a person kicks with their right foot and then moves back into a fighting stance.
a person pivots on left leg and kicks forward with his right leg as if he is fighting, then pivots back, with left side forward and fists up in a defensive position.
a man kicks once with his right leg.
a person walks a few steps, turns around and begins crawling on the floor in the other direction, then stands and walks the other way.
the person gets on their knees and crawls on the ground
a person walks forward and then gets on all fours, crawls forward and then stands up again.
this person is hopping around in circles.
a person walks in a counterclockwise motion, walks forward, and then walks backwards to the left.
a person runs in a small circle facing forward.
a man walks forward in a slow counterclockwise circle, stopping in a standing position.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a man dribbles a ball and then takes a shot.
a person dribbles a ball a couple times and then shoots it at a hoop.
a person bounces a ball three times then takes a shot.
a person stands and moves right hand side to side
a person moves their right arm in a circular, clockwise motion, like stirring a pot.
a man bends his right forearm towards his left-front side, and makes an anti-clockwise stirring motion.
a person walks forward before coming to a stop
a person walks forward freely.
a person walks slowly forward.
the toon is doing jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks in place.
a person does three jumping jacks.
he warms up with a body lean
a person stretches his right arm into the air.
with the left hand on the hip, the right arm reaches over the body.
the person is walking to the right doing an ax kick.
the person completes a scissor kick
a person does a round-house kick.
a person rubs their hands in front of their chest and then lowers them
a person puts his hands together.
the person standing still posing for a picture.
a person is running on the spot.
running in place then stopping.
a person is jogging on the spot
a person waves with their right hand.
a person raised the rigth hand and shake it
the person is waving with their right hand.
a person slowly lifts weights with the left hand then the right all while shaking and putting in a lot of effort.
a person struggles to lift something with their left hand, then twists their upper body to the right and then lifts their right arm.
man raises his left hand brings it down to his right side then raises his right hand to head level.
a person reading a book
a person grabbed something with hands, and made some jesture
a person brings his hands close and emulates using a cell phone or tablet, tapping the area near his left hand with his right hand.
this person walks around to the left then steps up to search for something.
a person walks in a half-circle, then climbs up something.
a person walks in a half circle before climbing up a structure and reaching over their head.
a man holds his fingers close together. he brings his right up to his head, as though taking a phone call, then brings his fingers back together and fiddles with them, bobbing his head.
person seems to be speaking using his hands as jesters while speaking.
a person seems to hold an object at chest height and rubs it with their right hand.
this person is sitting on a swivel chair with arms raised as if playing an instrument.
person appears to be sitting while moving left arm rapidly in a sawing motion.
a figure in a sitting position has its right arm folded inward as if reeling something in
hunched over, a man raises his leg while keeping the knee bent and grabs his foot.
a person lifts right shoe with right hand to inspect sole.
the person is looking at his shoe.
a person lifts their right arm, then gets pushed from behind.
raises their right arm briefly then takes a step forward
a person lifts his right arm.
a person stand on the ground while moving left and right holding their right hand forward
a person takes a step forward with their right foot.  their right arm appears to be holding something and then falls to their side.  their left arm scratches their chin and then returns to their side.
the person is drinking out of a coffee mug.
a person moves both hands in opposing circles.
a person puts their arms straight out in front of them and rotates their left arm counter clockwise and their right arm clockwise at the same time.
a man has his arms extended outwards, lowers them then moves his arms in a circle inwards, then puts them back down and stands still
a person jumps up and then balances themselves.
person was jumping up and down balancing.
a person lifts both arms and jumps.
the umpire sends signals to the picture
the person puts both arms forward and moves them around.
a person is making signals with both his hands
a person lowers his arms up and down while in a squatting position
the person squatting putting his arms down
lifting arms outward from body
a person slowly and stiffly walks in a circle while facing forward
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle with very twitchy arms.
dancing, shuffling feet in a circle and swinging arms
spinning hands in a circular motion.
a person makes what appears to be a clawing motion with their hand -- maybe rolling up a cord or a string, then patting it
he pretends to have a praiere dog
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides twist his body hard to the right and then resumes his original position.
turning body to one side.
a person turns their torso to look behind them.
person walks forward and turns around and walks back
a man walks forward and completely does an 180 turn with his right foot.
the person steps forward, turns around and walks back
the man is moving his arms
the person is standing as a subject.
person is gesturing to someone
a person takes a step forward with their left leg, then steps further with their right leg causing them to lean back, easing them into a sitting position.
a person sits down on some type of furniture.
stick figure takes a few steps before sitting down
a person walks forward in a straight line over an object
a person walks forward slowly.
a perosn walking forward starting with his right foot, lifing his left foot higher then his right.
person had his arms out to the side and he put his hands together then he touched his lright side of head.
a person reaches their right hand to the left hip, grabs an item in both hands, transfers it to their right hand then raises it to the side of their head.
person reaches into their left pocket and answers a cell phone.
standing still and not moving.
the figure swayed to the left.
a person swings very slightly side to side.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is exercising with their arms and legs
a man does full jumping jacks in place.
walking side to side.
a figure shuffles to the right and stops
a person steps back
a man holds an object with his right hand and strums the object with his left hand.
person strums a guitar briefly
the person is playing the guitar with his left arm.
person is doing dance moves
the person is loosening up his wrists and ankles.
a figure gestures near their mouth jauntily while sort of moving in place
moving the left hand on stand.
person is pulling a book from the shelf.
a person slightly raises their left hand in front of them.
person is walking in a half circle towards the right
the person is walking in a curve to the right.
a person walks slightly forward and towards the right.
a person takes a large step and sits on a stool, then then stand back up soon after.
a person steps forward to the left, sits down, puts his hands on his knees to sit up, the walks back to the right.
a person sat on something and after stand up
something by the persons foot startled them
a person slowly raised the legs to avoid something
the person in the video is walking left to right.
a man stands using his left arm to reach for something beside him several times, while using his right hand to stabilize something in front of him.
a person uses their left hand to pour something into their right hand then puts the drink down.
moving hands side to side.
the person walked forward and a medium pace.
person is walking straight ahead
a man walks in a straight line forward slightly deviating to the left
person walks forward and to the left
the person walk forward and turn to the left.
someone walks in a curved path to their left.
a person walks low to the ground in a clockwise circle.
a person stoops and walks in a half circle to the right.
the person is sneaking up on someone.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides takes a step forward, reaches down with his right hand, picks something up and moves it to his left, then steps backwards to his original position.
a person steps for an extends their right hand out then steps backwards.
the person appears to lift an object and place it on another surface using one arm.
a person hops in place
the toon is jumping up and down in place.
person is jumping up and down.
a person walks gingerly in a coubter clockwise direction.
a person walks in a u shape.
a person is walking in a u shape
a person grabs an object and then raises it, tilting it before setting it down.
a person picks up an object and turns it on it's side before setting it back down.
a man picks up a flat object with both hands, then picks up an object with her left hand then puts it back down.
a person raised the hands,and start to warm up them
a person is swirling their arms in a circle.
a person stretches there hands and arms, then their back, and finally their legs.
a man runs forward several steps, stopping in a standing position.
figure moves forward quickly, moving arms with every step, and stops.
a person runs forward, swinging their arms a little.
walk forward and backwards dancing
person dances energetically on screen and throws right arm in the sky repeatedly.
a person walks around, throwing their right arm up rhythmically with each step.
a person is kicking with the right leg
a person does a round house kick with their left foot then comes back to beginning position.
the person is doing a reversed punch.
a person stands in the same spot swaying back and forth moving their hands around
a person shakes somebody's hands
the person is greeting someone with a handshake.
a person slowly walks backwards
the person is walking backwards in small steps.
person walks carefully and slowly backward, almost as in fear, surprise, or shock.
a person is standing straight, and suddenly goes backwards as if they were shoved, but does not fall down.
a person moves back and left with the right foot first.
a man quickly steps backwards with his right leg first.
a person puts their hands on their hips and turns to the left side.
this person has both hands on hips a looks all around.
a person puts his hands on his hips and looks around
a person claps both their hands together in front of them.
a person claps his hands together
a person clapping their hands
the person was pushed but didnt fall
a man takes 1 step to the left.
a person slowly moved in left direction
a man walks forward opens the door then walks backwards to where he started
the man is mixing the bowl
the person is cleaning eat bowl with a sponge.
someone walks forward at a curve to their left.
a man walks forward and turns to the right.
a figure walks forward and to the left
he acts like a big dinosaur
person appears to swing arms forward in a swimming motion.
moving arms up and down slowly.
a person squats down extending both arms in front of the body.
a person bend the knee and amde a squats
squatting while lifting arms straight forward from body
a person is pushed from the right and continues walking.
a figure walks forward but then gets hit or startled and stumbles backward
walking forward then to the side.
person walks forward and to the left
a figure walks forward and to the left
a person walks in a curve to their left, at a leisurely but steady pace, while slightly leaned back.
a person moves something with both hands.
the person is tilting something on its side.
the persion moves something to their right side, then moves it back.
a person jumps in the air while putting arms and legs out.
a person does jumping jacks.
person kicks arms and legs out wide to make jumping jacks.
person backed up to throw a ball.
the person walks back, and then uses all his energy to throw an object.
walking back and then running forward and throwing something.
a person stirs something with their left hand in a counter-clockwise direction.
a person raised the left hand and did something
a person wipes something down with their left hand.
a standing person folds their arms and then unfolds them.
the person standing still with his arms folded.
a person crosses their arms.
jumping up and down.
a person jumps up and throws something forward.
a person jumps then pushes something in front of them with both their hands
a person walks in a curve to their left.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person raises both hands to chest level out in front of them makes a swatting motion with right hand for five seconds and then a single swatting motion with their right.
the person is acting like a cat.
a person makes cat-like scratching motions with their hands.
moving arms around near chest.
someone lowers their arms before moving their hands to meet by their stomach as if holding something.
the man is moving his arms
movin  right hand upward
a person slowly waves with their left hand twice
the man raises his left hand over his chest, waves out and back in toward his body, then releases it back down toward his hip.
a person turns slightly to the right, throws an object, then catches something with both hands
a person extending their right arm out.
a person does a shot put throwing motion.
a figure walks forward and to the right
person slowly walks towards the adjacent wall then stops
person walks forward and to the right
person is moving head from side to side in a swaying motion.
person is making various back motions
person stands in place while swaying left and right, shuffling the shoulders, while occasionally leaning forwards very slightly.
someone is cleaning removing and putting objects
a person reaching over to move something
this person is swaying back and forth as if to clean something.
a person walks in a diagonal to the left then turns his back on the viewer.
a person struts forward, then stops and poses, then turns around and begins walking back the way they came.
a man walks forward casually, letting his arms swing, before stopping and turning counterclockwise.
the person uses the dumbbell with their right arm
a person is standing above the ground moving his hand back and forth.
the person folds his left hand all the way like lifting something and unfolds the hand.
the man is standing still
the person is standing still with his hands in front of him.
the person stand up from the ground and raise both his hand up a little bit then put his hands back down.
a person does a threatening crouching walk and then raises their arms.
walking backwards and then forward.
this person walks backwards then turns to walk forward as if to be scary.
this person is moving front to back and lifting arms to catch something.
the person is playing volleyball.
walking backwards then bending down.
a person picks something up with his right hand and bring it up to his face
person took his right hand to his mouth
a person puts their hand to their mouth.
a person walks in reverse to avoid a crack in the sidewalk.
a person takes a big step backward.
person suddenly steps backwards as if scared
a perosn jumps up 12 times and then stands with feet and arms stretched apart
person facing forward gently jumps up and down.
a person energetically bounces up and down to loosen their muscles.
the man is doing jumping jacks
a person performing jumping jacks
both hands and feet jump out towards the side and back down a few times.
raising hand above head.
a person puts his right hand to his head.
a man raises his right arm above his head and lightly waves.
a person throws something with their right hand, then holds both hands up together in front of chest
a person throws an object with their right hand, then clasps both their hands in front of their face.
a man puts his right arm up and out, then brings both hands together by his face
a person throws with their right arm.
the man is pretending to throw something
throwing something after moving forward.
a standing person starts with both arms stretched out to the side. then brings both arms down and then raises both arms up in front, shoulder length apart, level with its chin. then lowers both arma together.
a man brings his arms down to his side, then lifts them forward, before bringing them down again.
moving the hands like a exercises.
a person walks forward, then is jerked to their right.
a dog pulls the person walking it sharply to the right and the person jerks the dog back into walkimg a circle
a man is walking his dog when all of a sudden the dog jerks him to his right and he tries to gain control by pulling on the leash.
a person walks and trips towards his right and then resumes walking.
a person walks forward slowly, then quickly dodges to their right and then keeps walking.
person is walk and stumbles to the right, then regains balance
he drink very very slowly
the person is having a drink.
the figure in the animation did not move at all.
a person takes small steps while holding something in both of their arms angled down towards the ground
a person moves around their space while sweeping.
a person is appears to be holding a broom, left hand over right hand, and sweeps toward the left, and then starts rotating to the right while sweeping toward the right.
a person checks the watch on their left hand.
person was checking his watch on his left arm
a person looks at their left wrist then drops it.
a person does a pizza delivery motion and knocks using his right hand
walking forward with arms near chest.
a person has both hands together and moves his right hand.
the person lifts his right hand to his chest and holds it there for a moment.
someone looks lifts their left forearm and then puts it back down the motion is like looking at a watch.
person standing there looks at the watch on his right wrist
a person is pulling counter clockwise.
a person rows a boat while standing
a person moves arms in a firward circular motion twice, then moves right arm in forward circular motion twice, then moves both arms in forward circular motion again
person moves forward kicks out right leg on object
a person kicks with their right leg.
a man steps up to kick something with left leg.
a person touches something with his right hand.
a person walks forward and reaches with their right hand to the left. then walks backwards to starting point.
a person steps forward, places something on a countertop, then steps back to their original position.
a man does several jumping jacks.
a figure does jumping jacks standing in place. it lifts its arms to shoulder length while jumping and spreading their legs to about shoulder length as well before returning to its starting position and dose this a total of three times.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
the person was walking counterclockwise.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle with their arms slightly swaying.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person is struggling to screw the top off of something.
the person was loosening a bolt with wrench.
a man holds and untwists something at his right hip.
the man is boxing upwards
a man takes a step back with his left foot, then raises his left arm while leaning right.
this person sways back then forward as if to catch something.
a person raised the left hand and pull it down
a man lifts his arm to his head as if looking at a watch
a figure smells their left armpit
the person is acting graceful to pick up a lady.
a person picks up something from the floor, looks to their right then walks towards their right
a person picks something up off the ground with their right hand, then gently holds it out in front of them.
a person walks slowly and a angle to their left, picks something up with the right hand, brings it to the face and then set it back down again.
man walks forwards then stops, picks up his right arm and lifts up to his face in a drinking motion
a person walks forward, stops and takes a drink.
as standing person pushes their right arm forward
a person who repeatedly punches with their right hand
a man jabs and chops at the air several times with his right hand, keeping his left at his side.
a person takes five steps forward and stops.
a man walking forward brisk.
the person is walking forward
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides steps to his right while walking in a clockwise circle.
a person walking in a circle clockwise.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
the person held his arms out wide and put them down to his side while he was sitting.
a person holding a squat postition then proceeds to raise their arms parrallel to the ground sideways
a person stands, arms out stretched, lowers them, and raises them again
a man is walking forward in an s shape
a person walks forward in a zig zag pattern.
the man continuously walks in the shape of a curve
the person is cleaning up some thing
a person walks forward at an average pace to the edge of a grey square, turns ninety degrees to their right, then walks forward to another edge of the same square.
a person is walking forward, then turns to the right and keeps walking
a figure raises their right hand in a sweeping motion
a person lifts their right arm.
a person takes an object and throws it over his head with his right hand
the man takes 5 steps forward.
this person walks confidently forward.
a person  walks a little to the right.
a person is walking and someone pushes them to the right.
a man walks forward then jerks suddenly to the left.
a person takes a huge step to his right.
a person uses their right hand to wipe down something.
a person standing up rasies their hand moving their hand up and down while their body leads from their left to right
a person is washing windows
the  person is jogging diagonally.
a person jogs in a straight line
a person slowly running diagonally to the left.
a person walks forward and effortlessly kicks something that is on the ground.
person moves forward and kicks left leg in front of them
the person is kicking  with their left foot.
this person runs forward from right to left.
the person is running towards the left.
a person sprints diagonally to his left
the person is boxing with his right arm.
a person moves into a fighting position, light on their feet, and lightly punches and object.
the person jump and punching back and forth at the same time using his left hands nine times and stop.
the person is sitting down.
the person places his left hand on a seat and sits down.
a person sat on something
a man lowers himself into a crawl, then crawls diagonally, then begins to stand up.
a person gets down on their hands and knees, crawls forward, then stands back up.
a person get on all fours, crawls forward and then starts to get back up.
a person raises their right arm and begins walking down the middle of a platform. as the person reaches the end  of the platform they veer to their left.
a person walks 4 steps forward
person walks forward with right hand touching the rail.
a person slowly walks forward.
a man stands straight up with his hands down to his sides and walks forward calmly.
the person walks forward at a steady pace while moving most of their left hand side of their body compared to their right
walking forward and then stopping.
a person is walking forward.
a person walks forward a few steps
stand and through some thing on the hands.
person is playing catch with someone
the person caught a ball being thrown at him.
a person jogs forward, apparently down some kind of ramp.
a person is jogging forward.
a person jogs forward then stops.
a person walks a path that bends left.
the person walks towards the viewer before veering off to the visual right and stopping, as if looking out a window.
a person takes four steps moving to his left and stops.
a man paces back and forth around a room with his hands at his hips and his head downtrodden in frustration.
man paces from left to right with his hands on his hips.
a person with their arms straight out to their sides, lowers them, places them on their hips then walks to the left and then back to the right.
a person picks an object from his left side and puts it behind him and then repeats the motion once again.
a man lifts a heavy object and moves it to his right side.
a person picks something up from their left, brings it across their body, and hands it off on their right.
a person is standing up and is lifting their right forearm towards their head and back down towards their feet.
a person standing with his arms out from his sides curls something with his right arm, three times in a row.
a person waves with his right hand while his left arm is raised slightly.
a person walks around the room and stops.
a man walks in a circle in the middle of a square.
a person drunkenly stumbles around in a circle.
person slowly bends down and puts hands  on hips then raises right arm out and then left
a person picks up two items and holds them up, then replaces them.
person is pouring and mixing some thing.
a person stands with his left hand in front of his body.
a person seeming to be standing up reaching down with left hand seeming to be checking phone and placing it back down to pocket.
a man shifts an object in his left hand.
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks forward a few steps
a person is walking forward.
a person doing the dancing in the rain dance.
the person is dancing in the rain.
figure appears to be dancing in joy
running front on the floor.
a person jogs forward and stops.
person is running straight ahead
the person was pushed but then stood up straight.
a person sharply tilts down to the left and stumbles to the left.
person loses balance when standing up
the person is marching and then going backwards and walking forwards.
a person who walks in one spot and then walks in a circle
a person walks in circles.
walking forward with arms outstretched.
figure walks forward arms raised to the side, feet in front of eachother
a person balance walks forward.
a person makes a reeling motion with their hands while slowly going from hunched over to straight, and then tiptoes in a small circle, and then repeats the hand motion.
the person is acting like a human squirrel.
a man acts like he is digging a hole, then walks in a circle, and digs in another spot.
person stumbles forward as if being pushed from behind.
a person stands still for a few seconds and then takes a few steps forward, then stops.
a person stumbles forward a few steps
a person slowly waled forward
a person struts as they walk forward.
person is walking forward happily.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a man walks in a circle with his arms swinging loosely at his side.
a person walks in a complete circle and takes a few added steps in the same direction.
a person does 3 jumping jacks in place then stands still.
a person jumped while raised the hands up
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person brings his hands together then kicks one leg out in front of him
a person clasps their hands together in front of them, turns slightly to the left, kicks out right leg, then goes back to a standing position.
the person is putting their hands together, while bringing in their right knee towards their stomach and kicking.
a person jumps sideways once to the left.
the person is standing still and then jumps directly sideways to their left without moving their arms
a person jumps sideways to the left with both feet.
the man walks forward a few steps then turns around and walks back to his original position.  he then turns around walks one step and stops.
a man walks with his arms loosely at his side and then turns and walks in the opposite direction.
a person walks over things.
a man walks forward slowly on uneven terrain.
looks to be walking back and forth over rocky terrain
a person spreads their legs, goes into a squat and jumps twice.
a person performs two vertical squat jumps.
a person is squatting up and down.
a person weaves back and forth as the jog.
a person runs to their right then the left then back to their original position.
a man runs right and the left multiple times.
a man lifts a weight with his right hand.
a person lifts something with their right hand
the right arm bends back and forth, and the left arm forms quick circles.
a man hold his arms above his head and then performs different motions with arms apart and then in front of him
a person stands still not moving legs while moving both arms around, at different ranges above his head.
a person describes something large by showing with their arm movements.
the man is stirring to the right
a man stirs something twice then goes back to the original position.
a person acts as if they are wiping something down with their right hand.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a man performs three jumping jacks
a person performs three jumping jacks.
punching with hands near chest.
a person is punching someone in a swinging motion with both arms.
a figure shadow boxes the air.
a person throws a ball and seems to not have it thrown back at them.
a person swings his right arm.
a man waves towards himself and motions to catch an object.
the person is walking forward.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person starts walking straight ahead
a man walks in a quarter circle to the right
a man steps forward, turning slightly to his left as he walks.
person runs quickly to the left, then turns back to the right and runs that way.
a person hurries to the right, then hurries back to the left.
a person jogs to the left then jogs to the right then jogs in place.
a man steps forward and tosses something with his right arm, then brings both hands up protectively in front of his head.
a man steps to the left and throws something with his right hand.
from third second:   person standing with left foot forward and right and left hands raised forming an open circle.
a person is greeting other person by bowing.
a person who is leaning slightly to his left takes a step forward and bows, takes another step forward, only this time to his right and bows, then straightens up and takes another step.
the person is greeting people with a bow.
the person was kneeling on one knee stood up.
crouch with one leg bent, stand up and bring your hands to your face.
a kneeling person stands up and raises their hands to their mouth.
a person throws something with their right hand while standing still
throwing something with arm.
a person throwing a baseball with right arm.
a person stayed on the place and after kicked with right leg
a person pivots, then lifts up their right leg, kicks, and returns to a neutral position.
a person stepping over something.
a man jogs on the spot for a few seconds.
person stands still then jogs on the spot  eight steps in a row
a person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward and kicks something with his right foot.
a person does a punting motion with his right foot
the person walk forward and kicked outward.
a man sprints forward in a diagonal line slightly to the left then stops by shuffling his feet to slow himself.
running in a diagonal line then stopping.
a person sprints forward quickly then stops themselves abruptly.
a man walks forward with his hands swiftly at his side.
a person is slowly walking forward.
the person walks forward slowly.
moving there hands and do like a exericses.
a person stretches their arms up and then puts them down.
the person stretched their arms while yawning in the morning
the person is scampering across the floor
person jumps up in place from two feet onto two feet
a person jumps straight up and lands.
person gets up off the ground and then lowers torso forward bending down both arms apart
a man goes from crouched on all fours onn the ground to standing bent over at the waist, and lifts right hand up.
a person gets up from the ground hunched over, talkes a few steps backward, and then stands up straight.
person takes four steps diagionally
the man is bending to the right
figure appears to be walking slowly
a person stands on his right foot, bending his left leg and grabbing his left foot with his left hand so as to stretch his quadricep.
a person picks up his left leg and holds it behind his back.
a person bends their left leg behind them while grabbing that foot with their left hand, and puts their right hand out in front of them for balance.
a person slightly bent down walks backwards in a circle.
a person stealthily walks backward in a counterclockwise circle.
someone is walking backwards in a creepy fashion
the person puts something on its side and then brings it back to normal.
person usesboth hands to carry an object  and hand it to someone next to them
the person picks up the item and puts it on the other side
the sim climbs up a few steps before climbing back down and walking to the opposite end of the plane.
climbing up something to take a look inside
someone goes up some stairs looks out and goes down again and keeps walking
a person stretches right hand forward
this person raises his right arm then lowers it.
a person raised the right hand
the person leans on the right then left and then grabs something on the ground. they wipe something on the right hand side. they do a twisting motion like a doorknob and set an item down on the left side on the ground
a oersib grabs something from the right, waves it to the left and places it back
person wipes something with right hand.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person raised the right hand
the figure stands still and lifts their right hand to wave.
a person slowly walked forward
the person is walking on the treadmill.
a person walks at a moderate pace.
a person is waving their arms.
moving arms around near chest.
the person looks like he’s tying a big bow.
a person lifts their right arm back and then throws an object with their right hand
moving hands up and down.
a person is throwing something with their right hand, stepping back to propel the item forward.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks in in the opposite direction, then walks backwards, and then to the left, then steps backwards to the right.
a person walks forward diagonally, then back, repeating this 2 times.
a person walks forward, turns anti clockwise, walks back the other way, pauses, takes three steps backward and walks diagonally forward for three steps, pauses and takes one step backward.
a person raised right arm straight out front and then to the right and then down by his side.
the person opened up the cabinet door.
a person points around with their right arm.
person raises arms above head and walks forward.
a person walks heel to toe with their hands high above their head.
a person walking on a straight line lifting both his hands up in a carry overhead position
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
a person moves object from left position to right and tilts object on its side.
moving arms up and down while standing still.
a man walks up stairs with his right arm out.
the sim uses their right hand to grab a rail before climbing stairs.
the person is walking upstairs.
a man jumps up in the air and lands in the same place.
a person is jumping in place.
a person jumping up and standing still again
a person turns to their left while leaping forward.
the person jumps forward and turns to his left.
a person jumps forwards and turns left in mid air.
a person jumps rope.
a person delicately steps over something then starts jumproping.
a person takes 2 steps forward and begins to jump and do motion with arms that look as if person is jumping rope. after jumps a few time, stumbles a bit and makes a few steps and then looks as if they are about to start jumping again right at the end.
a man slowly walks forward a few steps, stopping in a standing position.
person is walking forward like a seesaw.
a person slowly walked forward
a person takes a few steps forward, turns around and walks back.
a person takes 2 steps forward then turns back around.
a man keeps his arms stationary as his sides as he walks forward, turns clockwise, and walks back.
a person stands still facing forwards, and then steps quickly to the right.
a person stumbles a little to the left.
this person makes sidestep to the right
person is walking straight ahead
he goes over the beam
the person is walking forward over the balance beam.
a person walks and bends left
a man walks down a slope and then turns counterclockwise
a person walks forward while slowly curving to their left.
a person picks up something with their right hand and brings it to their face before putting it down.
a person picks something up with their right hand and drinks it.
a person takes a step forward and then reaches out to grab something with right hand. they then bring the object to their face, drink from it and put it back.
he lifts dumbblell with two hands
a person stands with elbows bent, and proceeds to curl their arms from the elbow toward their shoulders.
a person moves both hands.
the person is standing on his left foot bending his right knee.
a person moving their leg in a circular motion  and then swinging it forward and backwards
a man walks to the edge of the cliff, swings back the fishing pole, then forward sending his fishing line real far into the ocean.
a person crosses their arms
a man folds his arms across his chest and puts them back down.
a person crosses and then uncrosses their arms.
a man lifts a box from one side and sets it to the side .
a person bends picks up something and puts it down on their right side.
a man picks up something in front of him, moving it from his left to his right.
the sim appears to push something, then brings both hands to their right ear.
this person waves forward with his right hand.
standing, turns blue leg inward, raises red arm to appear to hit, uses both red and blue arms and hands to appear to catches
someone is standing and playing the piano.
a person is standing up while using both hands to play the piano.
person has hands raised as if playing the piano, and reaches their left hand over the right to continue.
a man raises his right hand to his head and then lowers it 3 times.
a person raises their right hand and then places it back down, three times.
a man lifts his left arm in a salute three times, keeping his legs close and his left arm at his side.
a person is walking taking big steps across the floor then suddenly stops.
a figure darts forward rapidly then stops
a person runs forward
turning around and sitting in a chair.
a person sits down on a chair.
a person sits down on an object and gets themselves situated.
person doing cross cable exercise
man puts arms up and the touches his hands together twice before putting his arms down again,
the man claps his hands very big then raises his hands in the air.
a person walks at a fast pace straight forward.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person quickly walks forward, swaying their hips a bit.
person is shrugging his shoulders
standing in place with arms by sides.
a person shrugs his shoulders.
a person jumps upwards multiple times.
the person squats down and jumps off of 2 feet then repeats the step once ending in a standing position.
a person slowly jumped on the place
a person walks forward slowly.
the body walks forward taking high steps.
a person walks over something.
the figure is standing on a slight slant and hops slightly in place five times
the person is doing a vertical jump.
a person is jumping in place.
a person jumps up once, then jumps higher the second time.
person jumps up into the air and then jumps again raising both arms in the air.
a person jumps and lands with a few smaller hops
a man walks forward with an unbalanced gait, waving his arms and walking unevenly, before turning arond and ending in a standing position.
a person walks foward stumbling, then turns around and stops.
a person walks forward while stumbling several times turns around and comes to a stop
from a standing position a person sits down
he sits in a chair while shaking his hands
the person takes a sit in a chair
a person person trips forward.
a person takes a step down.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person swings his left foot forward, leaning on his right leg.
a person swings their left foot forward and their arms to the left.
a person extends their left foot forward.
a person lifts their left hand to their chest and makes circular motions.
person uses left arm to make circular motion in front of body
man moves his left arm from his side to his stomach, moving it around in a circular motion
a person throws both hands above his head while taking a step backwards.
a person raises both arms into the air above their head.
a person raises both arms above their head
a person interlocks his fingers, stretches his arms out in front of him, and then stretches his arms above his head from right to left.
the person stretches arms interlacing fingers, in front of body before stretching them above their head and from right to left.
a man is doing arm stretches.
a man walks forward and strokes an object with his right hand.
a figure walks forward slowly then seems to gesture to something waist height
a person steps forward, stops, bends slightly forward at the waist, and works with the right hand on something in front of the body.
a person swings his right arm.
the man is throwing something
the right hand throws across the body where the left hand meets it forward and both go back together at the right shoulder.
a person does a small 180 degree jump turn then turns back around to the front.
a person hops and spins 180 degrees in the air, pauses, and then turns back.
the person jumps and turns 180 degrees.
a person balances on their left leg while kicking their right foot out, then rotates their neck, and finally performs a squat.
moving the right  leg and like dancing.
a person who seems to warm up different body parts
the person walked forward and sat down.
a person slowly waled forward and after sat on something and return
a person walks forward, turns around and sits down, then gets back up and walks back.
a person squats down, then stands back up and holds their arms out.
a person squats, gets back up the makes a t-shape with its body.
a person crouches down, then stands up and outstretches their arms.
a person quickly runs straight forward, then bends down and picks up something with both hands.
the person was running to pick up a box.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
the person was walking forward then turn left.
a person walks forward while turning to the left.
a man walks forward to the right.
a person raises their right arm then lowers it.
a person drinks from a bottle
a man holds something at chest level in both hands, then lowers his left arm as his right lifts to his head as though drinking something, before lowering his right arm.
a person claps their hands together approximately seven times.
a person claps hands in front of body.
a person raises both their hands and claps.
a person squats with arms above the head twice.
person raises hands up in the air, then squats down.
the person is lifting weights.
the person was pushed over
a person walking and then being pushed or stumbled to their right
it is a person walking who stumbles on something, then looks back to see what he stumbled on.
person appears to be crouch down and forward as if they are arm wrestling.
a man is kneeling down and moves his right arm outwards.
man bends down on right leg with right arm lifted up in a supine position then bring arm back inward.
a man jumps down from a curve.
the person took a small jump forward.
a man jumps forward once.
a person raising their right hand.
the raises its right (our left) arm above its head and brings it back down, without moving the rest of its body.
the person scratching scratching his head with his right arm.
the person is marching to the right.
a person marches happily forward, then turns and marches the other way.
a person is kicking their right leg into the air
a person kicks his right foot.
the person is front kicking with the right foot.
a person brings his hands together in front of him and shakes them
a figure claps in front of their chest
the person is clapping its hands together.
person starts running very quickly while swinging arms left and right in front of him in a very fast, violent manner, then speeding up before stopping.
a person runs in place
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides starts running in place and goes faster and faster before he stops.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person walks around while leaning forward slightly.
a hunched over person plods slowly in a clockwise direction.
a person steps over something while walking.
person is walking forward and steps over something
the figure takes two steps forwards before taking a big step down the a step and walking forward again.
a person is sneaking forward
a person crouches and slowly moves forward in a sneaking posture.
a person slowly walked forward
a person jumps and stretches out her legs and arms to the sides, pauses, and then performs jumping jacks.
the person performs star jumps
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person jumps to the right side.
a person facing forward jumps sideways to the left.
jumping to the side.
the person is sewing something together.
person is engaged in sewing motion
a person is sewing carefully
a person walking forward in a line.
a person hesitates slightly then takes 5 casual steps forward then stops.
the person with the walking at medium speed.
a person jumps into the air.
a person is jumping straight up.
a person performs a standing jump and stumbles back before gaining his balance.
a person walks in forward slowly.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walking down in a straight line
a figure is walking forward at a moderate pace.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward in place
a figure stands and begins to gesture with their right hand, maybe shaking hands or high fiving in a sports event
the person is looking left and right.
a person standing in one spot, rocking from front to back with the left arm swinging.
a person flattens their dress and starts to curtsey.
person reaches with left arm and unzips their pants.
a person adjusts his crotch with his left hand.
a person moves forward two steps, swings around 180 degrees and takes two steps back to where he started.
the person walked forward throwing around to the right and walk back
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person throws a punch with the right hand.
person uses right hand to throw an object
the person gets down on all fours and starts crawling.
a person who is standing with his arms up and away from his sides bends over, gets down on his hands and then his knees and crawls forward.
a man gets down on all fours and crawls forward.
the toon is walking slowly with their hands raised to the end of the plane.
a person walks while hilding their hands out to their side.
person is balancing on a balance beam walking forward.
person lunges forward with left foot first repeatedly
a person lunges to the left.
a person kneels and strikes fist forward.
a person takes a step forward
a person steps down with his right fooot
a person steps over something.
a man plays the violin the goes back to his original position.
the person is playing the violin with his right arm.
a man lifts both of his hands to play an object like a violin.
the person walks forward, spins on one leg and walks back.
a man walks forward, turns around over his right shoulder, then walks back
a person walks forward turns to the left and walks back to steps
this person skips and kicks with his right leg.
a person is kicking a ball.
a person gallops and then kicks left leg two times.
a person is running in place.
a person jogs in place, stopping with right arm raised.
a person jogs in place.
figure appears to be urinating
person stand in t position, interlocks hands, then returns to t
a man sits with his arms stretched outward, he puts his hands in his lap. then raises his arms again.
a person is clapping his right and left hand together
the man is clapping and making gestures
the man claps his hands.
a person showming something with both hands
a person flexes their arms to one side, then another, and then flexes again.
moving hands side to side in sync.
a person is standing with hands in front of them and slightly moves them.
a person patiently sits, gently tapping his lap with his hands.
a person in a squat position
stretching out and sticking arms out one at a time
a person throws an overhead right punch followed by an overhead left punch.
a person punches with both their arms.
a person approaches an object, then adjusts the object, then turns around and walks away
a person walks forward picks up something puts it down and walks back
a person walks forward with confidence, bends over to rearrange something, and then turns around and walks back.
a person leans to his left side and kicks high with his right foot.
the sim appears to do a mid level kick with their right leg.
a person turns slightly, raises their right leg and kicks straight forward. then they return to their starting position.
walking to the side then the other.
a person turns to the right and walks right , pivots and turns to the left  walks to almost the end , and turns right and ends where  they orginally started.
the person is walking around the room.
a person takes several steps backwards.
a person takes four steps backward, walking away from the viewer.
a person steps backwards with their left leg, alternating with their right leg.
the man is walking casually
a person walks forward at a casual pace.
a person walks in a casual manner.
a person runs forward a few steps
the person is running forward.
a person runs, then slows down.
this persons begins walking in a straight line and then stumbles to the right, he then catches his balance and stands still.
a person walking straight but suddenly steps to the right.
a person slowly walks forward, gets shoved to their right, and then the person moves back to the left to stay on track
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall down.
the man is doing push recovery stand
a standing person seems to be pushed from the right and stumbles to their left.
a person crosses their legs and squats.
a person sits down half-way then gets back up.
a person crosses their legs and carefully squats down, then stands back up.
a person who is running
a person runs forward fast.
a person jogging forward whith their arms swinging
a person who is standing but has his legs crossed almost falls forward before regaining his balance.
a person stands in a crossed-feet position, loses balances, and then stands back in a crossed-feet position.
the person is standing straight pushed.
a person walks forward quickly in a slight diagonal line.
person is walking very fast toward me.
a person walks forward quickly
a person warms up with stretches.
the man extends his arm over his head while moving his foot.
the person waives their right hand to their left and right over their head.
a figure walks forward in a zig zag pattern, stepping over something along the way
a man walks slowly forward, taking wide steps, before coming to a standing position.
the person is walking back-and-forth in a zigzag.
the man is lifting an object over his head using his shoulder muscles then squats down and returns to his original position.
a person with their arms raised, squats 3 times.
a person does squats while lifting weights.
the person was pushed from the left but did not fall.
person walks forward a few steps, stagers to the right then  walks forward and ends up inline with the left side.
a person attempts to walk in astraight line but stubles to the right before stumbling back in line.
a person holds something up to their face.
a person raises both hands
a person raises their hands to shoulder height.
person walks using short choppy steps
a figure shuffles really quickly in a straight line
the person walks forward taking very small steps, stops, turns left and walks forward again with small steps
a person squats down deeply then jumps up to a standing position several times.
a man squats an then jumps up multiple times.
person is bending at knees and jumping up
a person crosses his arms across their chest, leaving them in a defensive position as if they were arguing or upset.
a person folding right and left arms near chest, and then shortly releasing them to the sides of the body.
a person crosses their arms, then release them.
a person spins 180 degrees while jumping to the right.
a person jumps off the floor with both feet and rotates halfway around in a counterclockwise direction
a stick model jumps and spins to the right in the air and lands
a person reaches their left hand forward above their head and brings it back down with the right and the reaches again.
a person rises their left arm up repeatedly, then catches something.
a person throws his left hand into the air.
a person appears to hold an object with their left hand while stroking it with their right hand. they then turn around with said object.
a person is moving his right arm around.
a person lets their arm drift then raises them to clean off something.
a person turns to his right and paces back and forth
a person walking back and fourth
a person idles and walks right to left and back.
a person walks forwards at a normal pace.
the toon walks down the plane at a normal rate of speed.
a person casually walks forward.
the person is pacing back and forth.
moving forward  and backward on the floor .
the person paces back and forth diagonally
the man is making gestures
a person crouches and swings side to side.
a man squats down and then back up
the man dances his feet in circles in front of himself.
a person does a rhythmic shuffle back and forth
the person is doing a warm up the back and forth.
a person, using both arms, directs people forward.
the person is lifting dumbbells with both of his hands.
a person stands and does curling exercises with weights.
subject is standing facing ford while flapping wings by its side making a chicken
many fans enjoy performing the chicken dance at hockey games.
the person is holding his arms and looking around like a chicken.
the man is walking slowly
the man walks carefully across the area.
the person is balancing slowly across some object.
a person crosses and then uncrosses their arms.
arms are crossed in front of body and then lowered back down to the person's side.
a person scratches their arm.
the person paces back and forth
person walks back and forth
a person paces forwards and backwards and then stands in the middle
a standing person lifts his ledt arm on the side then and lean to their right,then they rise their right arm to the side and and lean to their left casuing the right arm to fly up
a person raises their left arm over their head strait into the air leaning to the right does two right motion leaning stretches and then proceeds to put the left arm down while raising the right arm doing the same stretching motion twice to the left side of their body while their right arm is raised in the air.
person is doing standing abdominal stretches
person punches into the air with his right hand, then punches into the air with his left hand.
person is doing boxing exercises
person slowly does a punching motion with right arm followed by the left arm
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle and then continues walking backwards.
a person walks forwards and to the left before turning around and walking backwards.
person walks forward, changes direction slightly to their left, then turns completely around and walks back to the starting spot, then repeats this process.
the body is slightly bent forth with arms out curled, with the body slowly jerking side to side.
a person looks around while leaned over.
a person bends down, turning their head back and forth, looking for an object.
person runninng to right side curves left while running with arms held at 90 degree angles at waist
a person is running quickly and making a right turn.
man running in 45 degree angle.
person is walking backwards with their toes bent .
a person walks slowly backwards while on their toes.
a person is walking backward while looking at the ground.
a person washing a wall before moving to another location
the person is washing someone’s back
a person  is wiping something up and down.
a person picks an item up from the ground and tosses it to the side, then picks a second item off the ground and tosses it.
this person bends down as if to pick up something then sets it down.
a person bends over and picks up a heavy object, placing it behind them.
a person folds their arms across their chest.
a person crosses their arms.
a person crosses their arms over each other briefly, then puts them back at the side of their body.
he is self balancing while walking through a narrow bridge.
a person carefully walks forward with one foot in front of the other and arms held out to either side.
walking forward in a straight line.
this person is jogging in place.
the person is jogging forwards.
a person jogs at a normal pace
a person walks straight and turns to the right
a person walks and turns right
a person walks in a clockwise quarter circle.
a person does a jumping jack.
the person does one jumping jack
a person performing jumping jacks/ star jumps
person is putting on a garment
with his elbows raised and flared to the sides, a person moves his hands from above his head down to his sides.
a person slowly stretching
someone runs erratically back and forth.
a person jogs in place and then turns and jogs back and forth.
the body walks forward then jolts backwards one step with the left foot.
the person takes some steps forward, a step back and another step forward.
the man moves forward then back
person stands still then raises feet slightly up and down on the toes
a person makes upward facing l-shapes with their arms then quickly bounces up and down.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides raises both hands above his head and jumps up and down vigorously.
person is lifting his left hand in not very wide range with his entire body standing strong on the floor with his legs on the lenghth of the shoulders.
a person is moving his left hand up and down above his head
waving hand in the air.
man stands straight up with his arms to his sides and walks calmly forward and to the right in a half circle then stops facing to the right.
persons walking and turning right.
the man walks and makes a right turn
a man walks shakily for a word slightly bent at the waist, with arms raised above his head and them flopping loosely.
a person bends and walks forward, gradually extending their arms as they go.
a person walks and waves their arms like a monkey.
a person raises their hand up to their head, turns their head right then left.
person puts binoculars to eyes and looks from side to side
a person puts their right hand to their face, looks around, and lowers their arm.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
a figure does light squats while holding an overhead bar
person is performing calf raises
person steps backwards then is stationary
the person recovered from falling.
person stepping backwards using their right leg first
a person bends down to pick something up with their right hand, then leans up and rubs their right hand around, finally bringing up their left hand.
a person is cleaning and ordering something
a person picks something up, waives it in the air and then moves their other hand to the same area.
person runs to the left, then to the right, then back to the left. appears to be jogging
a person runs to the left, to the right, and to the left
a person runs to the right, then back to the left and then back to centre. a blue line shows their movements.
this person is walking in circles then moves across room to step around an object.
the person is walking around
person walks around in half circles and then feet shuffle side to side
a person picks up something with his right hand and walks forward.
the person motions as to pick up a bag or item from the floor with their right hand, and begins walking forward at a moderate pace
the right arm dips down along the side and back up, then body walks forward.
man bows down to the right.
the sim appears to be standing then crouches slightly shaking their left foot.
a person is streching by leaning to their left side
a person who seems to be drinking something
a person lifts their right hand up to their head, scratches, and then lowers their arm back to their side.
a man using his right hand to scratch the top of his head.
a man steps backwards on his left foot
a person takes one step backwards
the person pushes off their leg to take one step back
a standing man leans down to a kneeled position with his left knee contacting the ground and his right leg planted foot down. the man then stands up.
a  man kneels down then stands back up.
a person gets in starting position to run a sprint running race.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and then stops.
walking forward and then stopping.
starting with their left foot, a person walks in a circle from the bottom right.
a person walks forward slowly in a small clockwise circle.
a person walks in a small circle, clockwise, then stops.
the person starts lighting their arm up and down
figure pushing  hands over their head twice to lift something heavy.
person that did the dumbbell over his head.
the person is walking upstairs.
this person walks up the stairs.
a man walks up steps and stops
person walking up flight of stairs
a person walks up some steps.
the person is walking up the stairs.
a person stands with his two feet apart and light hops in that position 14 times.
man tippy-toeing (hopping but not leaving the ground) with both feet
a person quickly and repeatedly jumps slightly up and down.
the person is running forward.
a person who is running takes four steps forward and stops.
the person moves forward quickly.
a person running in a line
running forward in a diagonal line
a man runs straight foward with his left hand positioned at mid level.
the man runs forwards nicely
a person quickly jogs forwards.
a person sprints forward quickly.
a person lightly kicks an object on the ground
a figure walks forward and gives a sligh kick with thr left foot before stepping backward to the starting position.
the man is doing low kick
the person takes a large step towards their right.
a person stands in one place and then gets pushed to the right
a person moves to his right
a person walks up stairs a few steps
the person step once on his left and then hop twice both sides of his feet then stop.
the sim appears to climb up a few steps.
raising hands above head and stretching.
a person stretches with both arms, by raising their arms above their head.
a person locks their hands, stretches up to their left, then up to their right, before bringing their arms back down to their sides.
a person bend on the knee
person wiggles then goes in squat position.
a person slowly and clumsily lowers themselves from standing into a squat.
a person gets on all fours and crawls in a diagonal line to the right, stands up, and take several steps along the diagonal line forward.
a person gets on al fours and then crawls on all them
the man crawls half way across then stands and tiptoes the rest of the way.
a person is walking forward.
a man  walks forward in a steady pace.
a person continuously walks forward.
the person is walking straight backwards.
a man walks backward slowly with his arms loosely at his sides.
a person walks backwards a few steps.
person is running straight ahead
the person job to diagonally to the right.
a person is briskly running.
person reaches out with left hand as if to grab something, then brings both hands up together in front of the chest.
a man picks up an object with his left hand then places the object down with his right hand.
person picks up drink with left hand, takes a sip, and puts it down with right hand
a person slowly walks foward , and then stops before something
a person walking downstairs backwards.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walking upstairs forward
the person holds a rail with one hand and walks up 3 steps.
a person walks up steps, holding a rail with their right hand.
a person takes a big step backwards.
a person takes a step to the right and then slides his left foot that way.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides quickly takes one step backwards and to his right.
a person turns to the side and waves
a person waves his right hand.
a person waving at another person.
sitting down then kneeling.
a person kneels down onto their knees.
person person got down on their knees.
a person throwing ang catching a ball
a person throws something with their right hand, catches with both hand, throws again with their right hand, over and over again.
this person is throwing a ball back and forth.
a man walks forward; right, left, right, left, right, left, moving three paces.
a man walks in a wavy line diagonally to his left
a person slowly walks forward with their arms swinging gently at their sides.
a person grabs something off the floor, before using that object to wipe something down.
the man turns a vacuum clean on reverse then walks over to let the air blow dry his dog.
kneeling down and then shaking hand.
a person tilts head side to side four times and then rotates head in clock wise circle two times
a person standing upright, arms at sides; their leans toward right then left two times, next they do two neck rolls in a counterclockwise direction.
the figure looks left and right, then starts rotating its neck in a circular fashion.
a person jumps and turns backwards.
man does a standing jump and spins in mid air
the person jumped up in 180° turn.
a man climbs up and seems to be putting something away with both hands
person is doing some sort of dance
a person steps up onto something, moves something from his left hand to his right, and starts rubbing something.
a figure walks forward in a womanly way
person is walking straight ahead
lerson appears to step over something and contiues to walk forward.
person turns around, picks something up, put it to face, turns back forward.
a person reaching over an item with his right arm which is a glass and drinking it, then he returns the glass on the table and turns around to his original position.
a person stood sideways i put his hand on his head and then turn back around forward.
the toon has both arms raised at an angle above their head, as to be in the squatting motion for exercise.
a person does squats with raised hands, pushing their hand bove their head when they stand up from the squat.
the person is lifting his dumbbell while bending his legs.
the person stands up while holding their left hand above their head.
the person is lifting something up.
a person stands while lifting something.
the person is backing up walking .
a person walking backwards slowly.
this person walks slowly backwards.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person walks a nearly complete circle.
the man is moderately walking around in a complete circle.
a person runs forward, jumps and lands, and then turns to the side.
a person runs forward and then jumps landing on both feet and then preparing to turn around.
the man runs then jumps
[from 0s to 5s] a person performs a ballerina balance pose, first on their left leg, before centralising and swapping to their right.
a person slowaly walked backward while raising the hands up
the person is doing ballet poses.
person is waving hi with the right hand.
a person waves with their right hand.
a man is standing on the ground and starts waving to someone across
a person runs quickly forward.
the person runs forward a few steps
he ran from one side to the other.
a man walks forward and turns around.
a person takes two steps forward then turns to their left 180 degrees and takes two steps away.
person seems to walking on a catwalk. walks forward then turn around after a few steps.
person sits with legs crossed, then stands up
the person cross their legs and sat down.
person crosses legs and sits down on the floor, before getting back up.
a person leans on an object to his left side and jumps off it.
user picks up right leg and uses left leg to push forward
leans on a object to the right side before losing footing and does a slight bounce to the left.
a person is walking forward from one end to the other and then turns around and returns.
he turns left forward directally
a person walks and turns left to walk back the same way.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a man walks confidently to the right.
a person turns and walks diagonally to their right.
shaking legs side to side.
man shakes left leg first and then right leg.
a man lifts and bends his left leg, then his right leg.
person squats then rotates a quarter of the way clockwise.
someone jumps, turns counter-clockwise, and stands straight up.
the man is doing jump handsup
person person is applauding someone.
a person is clapping their hands.
someone standing and claps the hands.
a person sits on the ground, takes something out with his left hand and holds it up with his right
a person makes a phone call while sitting.
while sitting, a person is tapping his phone and then puts it to his ear.
a man holds his arms up at shoulder length, with his left arm held further from his body, and dances in a counterclockwise circle without turning his body.
a person dances the waltz.
while holding their arms in a dancer's pose, a person moves through the steps of the waltz twice.
a person is sat down
the person is squatting down with his hands on his legs.
person is sitting down and makes hand gesture
a man bends down and reaches his right arm to his left leg, and his left arm to his right leg; man holds up his left arm in the air still as the right arm makes a stirring motion in the air for 5 seconds.
a person picks up two things, washes them off and then sets them back down.
a person cleaning their left arm
the person is walking very wide-legged
person is walking fast, using both legs and arms as swivels to walk faster. person feels determined, focused, and authoritative
a person just walking down
pushing hands in and out.
a person steps forward with left leg then punches with left arm.
a person raises their hands, punches once, then lowers their hands.
a person slowly jumped a few times
a man jumps twice, crossing his arms as he jumps.
a man clasps his hands by his chest while jumping up and down.
a person walked forwared and jumped
a man runs forward and then jumps.
person walks forward a few steps before taking a leap.
a person with their arms bent at the elbows and hands pointed in, stretch their legs while bending more on the left leg and straightening the right.
this person bends at the knees swaying left and right.
a person stretches their thighs by leaning on their left leg while their hands are at their waist.
a man steps backward, sits down in a chair and then stands back up again.
a person sits down then stands back up again.
the person turned around and sat in a chair.
someone is carefully walking up the stairs.
a person climbs stairs while grabbing the rail.
a person holds onto a rail with their right hand while walking upstairs.
a person check their watch for the time.
the person is moving out something with the right hand.
a person lifts their right wrist to check something and then twists slightly to the right.
a person is walking forward.
person walks forward at speedy pace
a man walks forward with arms swaying at his sides.
the person is on an exercise machine doing arm exercises.
a person has both hands in the air.
a person extends his arms above his head and lowers his arms, three times in a row.
a person throws object with both hands.
a stick figure raises its arms and jumps.
he throws his both of his hands
a person walking in a strait path with his/her arm swaying in a confident manner.
a person walks forward at a steady pace.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
the person is walking down the slope.
a person walks down a small hill.
person moves forward four steps
a man left steps, then right steps, turns clockwise, left steps, then right steps back full circle.
walking forward and then back.
taking two steps forward before making a right hand turn.
a person stands in place and looks like they are giggling or laughing and moving both their hands.
a person seems to be doubled-over laughing at something while using their hands in exclamation.
the man is laughing alot
a person walks forward after a slight pause.
a person stands still on the ground, and then gets push from behind and moves forward.
moving forward on the floor.
a person waves with left arm, then right arm
a person waves left then right.
person waves with left hand then with right hand
this person kicks high with the left leg.
a person side kicks with their left foot.
the figure stands swaying back and forth for a moment then kicks his left leg forward then resumes standing
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back  in the opposite direction.
a person walks forward, turns around counterclockwise, and walks back.
person walks forward, turns left, walks back
the person jumps to the left.
he cleans a so much/a lot
a person who performed an anti-clockwise 270 degrees jumping spin
the man reached with his left hand pick some thing up and put it in front of him.
the person is grabbing something to the right of them and placing it in front of them
a man stands with his arms hanging limply then reaches to his right with both arms then drops back down.
a person abruptly moves laterally to his right.
the person was pushed slightly to the right.
a person pushes themselves with their left leg to the right and stands there afterwards.
a person walks backwards at a slow pace.
man walks slowly in a circle
the person is walking around in the circle.
person raises right arm and bends twice to the left.
the person is saluting someone.
a person lifts right hand to head and lowers hand.
a person runs along the fence holding his phone in his right hand, then he stops and walks back
the person put their arms down at their side.
a person stands with their arms straight out at their sides, drops their arms slowly, then looks left and right
the figures hand rests on something that guides them as they take a few steps up the stairs.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person walks up stairs while holding something for support with right hand.
the person is walking holding  his arms.
walking forward while holding arm.
a person holds their arm while walking forward at an angle and leaning to the side
the person changes the song on their smartphone
the person has his arms up and then down at his side.
a person picks something up with their right hand, looks at it, and then puts it down with their left hand.
a person reaches down to touch their foot, and then makes a series of jumps in a box shape.
the person is making a box jump.
person walks forward, slightly to the left
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and stops.
a man steps forward, then turns to his left as he sits down on something, then brings his left hand up to the side of his head and lowers it.
the person what forward then sat down and put his hand up beside his face.
a person walks and sits down
the person is doing the salsa dance.
a person dances the salsa.
a man holds his hands together in front of his chest, before dancing forward and moving his hands in small circles in front of his body.
a person transitions from an open pose to a closed off pose
the person was doing an arabic dance.
he starts to dance a lot
moving arm out then stopping.
the person was posing as a subject.
he moves his hand forward
a person lowers and raises their arms at their sides, while crouching.
the person stands still while squatted and t-poses at the end.
a sitting person sits very still.
a person warlk forward with a very possive stride.
a person takes some steps forward.
person takes slow steps forward slightly diagonally to their right
a person walks over something by standing on it, before continuing on their way.
a person walks on unlevel ground.
a man is walking forward then steps over an object then continues walking forward.
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall.
the person moves to the right and then moves to the left. it looks like a beginning of a dance move. the arms move side to side.
a person wloly moved left and right direction
this person lifts both arms to the right as if to strum a guitar.
a person strums a guitar.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides lifts his hands as if he is holding a guitar, strums the strings once with his left and then drops his arms to his original position.
person walks in a semi circular shape while swinging arms slightly.
a person is walking in a u-shape while facing forward.
a figure walks gingerly, stiffly in an arc
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forward briskly.
a man walks straight forward
a man walks forward, then squats to pick something up with both hands, stands back up, and resumes walking.
walking forward and then bending down.
man walks along, then bends down and picks something up.
person does a boxing punch, left uppercut
the person is boxing with their left arm
the person punches the speed bag
the person is putting a golf ball
a person gets into position to putt a golf ball.
person is doing a golf put
a person walks forward then slows down greatly before walking normally again.
the guy is walking forward after taking a few steps
a person carefully walks forward.
person is standing and waving their right arm as if to get someone else's attention.
a person is waving around his right arm.
the man waves his right arm back and forth
a person is demonstrating how to gently throw an object with his right hand.
a person throwing something with the right hand
person makes a throwing motion with right arm
the person is walking at the medium speed.
a person walks forward slowly.
the man is walking forward slowly
a person walks to his right.
the person walks in a quarter-circle to their left.
a person takes a turn to the right.
the person folds their arms then releases the hold
a person holds both of their arms together.
a person crosses their right arm over their left arm as though they are angry.
a person turns right while walking then stops
a person walks ina curved line.
someone is walking in a semicircle to the right side
a person looks at his left wrist then puts his hand down again
a person rasied the left hand
a man lifts his left arm as though to look at his wrist, then returns it to near his side.
both of a person's arms fall limply to their sides and then raise to shoulder level.
a person drops both arms to their side, holds the position for a few seconds, and then raises both arms up again to a level position.
while standing with bent knees, the person lowers and raises his arms.
person is walking with arms out unsteadily
a person raises both their arms laterally and walks forward in a zig-zag manner.
a person balancing while attempting to walk in a straight line
subjects hops up and down twice.
man standing straight up with his hands down to his sides bends slightly at the knees and hops in the air two times.
person is jumping up and down
kirsten kicked some thing and then push some thing.
person throws a kick and then does pushing motion
a person does a high kick with his right leg and then pushes out with both hands.
a person raises their left arm up, while slightly moving their right arm.
a person stretches their left arm up and their right arm down and back.
a figure pumps its left arm above its head
a person moves their right arm in a jerky motion.
a man, slightly bends at his waist and repeatedly moves an object with his right hand.
the person activities like wash some thing.
person walks forward and to the right
a person walks in a clockwise quarter circle.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a person stretches their shoulders by moving their bent arms forward and backward.
a man has his arms up to his chest as if to do a pushing motion and moves his shoulders back and forward to stretch out his chest and wiggles arms down to their position.
a person is moving their arms to warm up.
a person walks to the left.
a person walking straight to the right
someone bounces between either foot and swings their arms back and forth in front of their chest.
a person jogs backwards, forwards and then does a complete turn.
a person jogs in place, moving slightly back and forth while doing so but staying in the same general area.
a person has arms outstretched to the the side and moves hands up and down and slightly forward and back, to stretch.
a person moves both arms up
a man stretches his arms to the sides and bends them.
takes a few steps forward then the body is jerked to the right side a step and back.
someone takes two steps forward jumps to the right side then left and stops
a person walks forward slightly then shuffles to the right fast, then back to the right then walks forward again.
a person steps to the left sideways.
a person was pushed from their right side and gets back to the original position.
a person walks around and stops.
a person steps backwards with their left foot and stretches.
a person has his hands are on his hips and is warming up his legs
a person with his hands on his hips does two brief squats
a person jumps straight up, then climbs some stairs forward
a person jumps, then walks up a few stairs while his right hand is resting on a railing
a person does a small jump before walking up some stairs
a oerson wals forward and backward on a diagonal line.
a person walks forward and backward twice.
he walks forward, then turning left, he backs up in a slight arc back to his start point, then walks diagonally to his right, turns to his left, takes a step or two backward, turns, and walks the same diagonal back.
a person walks forward on a beam with outstretched arms and then steps down.
a person walks forward, one foot in front of the other, as if walking on a balance beam.
a person is walking on a balancing beam and then stops.
a person raise both their hands and claps.
the person is standing there and put his hands together and then took them apart again.
person is wading up paper towels
a person hops forward three times before walking the rest of the way.
a man jumps forward a couple times.
a man jumps forward repeatedly.
he does push recovery right
a person walking diagonally from right to left and switching back to right
a man walks slowly and staggers to the left in a zig zag shape and then stops.
a person jumps straight up with both arms down.
a man jumps up and down.
a person jumps up in the air.
the person picks up a very big bowl
a person walks forward, grabs an object with his right hand and then walks backward
the person reached over with his right hand and put something down.
a person shifts left and right on their feet while stretching out their arms, bending them and raising them.
a  person seems to be warming up both arms
a man steps forward, lifts his arms then bends and stretches them.
a man pours something with his right hand.
a person grabbed something and shake it
bending down then moving hand in a circular. motion.
character raises hands slowly to stetch their back while leaning left and right.
a figure stands on its tip toes, arches its back, and leans back and forth
person raises both hands into the air above his head, before bending to his left, then bending to his right.
a person holds on to a wall to balance while walking because their gait is out of alignment.
a person tip toes across the floor and raises their arms midway.
the person walks forward while using their right hand to hold onto something for balance, in the end they lift both their arms
a man walks forward in a curved line.
a man walks in an s shape
a person walks in  a large s pattern.
a person performs two jumping jacks.
a person does two jumping jacks by jumping up, spreading his legs and raising his arms above his head.
a person does two jumping jacks.
the person throws something upward.
a figure makes the motion of throwing something with their right hand
a man is in a standing position and seems to throw something with his right arm over his head.
a person takes a few steps forward, then turns to their right and takes a few more steps.
a man walks forward, pivots to his right, and keeps walking.
a person walks forward turns right and walks straight forward.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walking slowly forward.
a person slowly walks forward.
the person walks straight then turns left
he bends left then stops
a person walks forward then makes a left turn and stops
a person does a side step to their left
a person steps to the left sideways.
a man taking a step to his left.
a person moves an object from a position on his left to a position to his right.
this person uses both hands to lift an item that appears to be slightly heavy.
moving hands from side to side.
person is leaving in a circular motion.
the man is standing in front of a counter and starts wiping the counter with a circular motion.
this person stand stills and uses his left arm as if to clean a counter.
a person walks and turns to his left.
a person takes 2 steps forwards and then turn and takes another 2 steps.
the person is walking forward and turning left.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
a person walks in an arc from back right to front left across the ground
person is walking on a tightrope or similar structure
a person walks a straight line putting one foot directly in front of the other, as if walking on a balance beam.
a person walks along a narrow beam.
a man walking down steps
he walks forward rather commandingly.
the person is walking forward.
the person is walking straight forward.
a person casually walks forward
a man walks forward with arms loosely at his sides.
the person was doing some thing with his left hand.
a person rotates their left arm in front of them from the elbow.
a man moves his left forearm away and back toward his body.
a person touches their hair with their right hand.
a person brushes hair with right hand.
person lifts right arm to head and puts it back down
jumping up and down.
a figure jumps up extending their body.
a person standing in place jumping.
the person is waving with his right hand.
the person stays in one spot and waves their right hand
a person waves with their right hand.
a person jogs forward at a fast pace
a person jogs at a normal pace.
a person is jogging in place.
a man standing with his legs bent, lifts his arms in a "t-pose".
a person places their hands on their hips, then outstretches their arms.
a man is squatting and then stretches his arms out.
person does two cart wheels
a figure performs a forward cartwheel starting with the left hand then immediately returns back to starting position by performing a forward cartwheel starting with the right hand.
the person did a cart wheel.
the person is walking straight forward.
a person walks quickly forward.
a person is running forwards
the person steps forward whit shoulders moving.
a person walking straight ahead of a street
a person slowly walked forward downstairs
a person walks backwards, pushes forward, and then walks forward.
person was walking backwards and was pushed.
a person walks backwards then pushes forwards with both arms and walks forward
the person is standing still and jumps on the spot once and then does it again
a person jumps up twice.
person jumps up and down twice
a person squatting slightly , then lifting both right and left arms above them.
a man crouches in a crouch.
person is doing arm lifts up and down.
a man seems to be placing something over his head
person throws something two handed
the person is throwing some thing with both hands.
a person runs, then jumps and walks slowly.
a man runs forward slightly to the left and then jumps.
a person starts to run, after a few steps jumps as short distance, before walking again.
a person walks backwards, pivots, and then continues walking backwards slowly in a semi-circle.
the person is walking backwards.
a person walks backwards, then walks backward in an anti clockwise circle and continues walking backwards to the left.
a person who is standing with his right hand raised turns to his right.
a person standing to the side with one hand up.
a person takes a drink from a beverage in their right hand.
a person touches their right wrist with their left hand, then lowers their hands back down.
person is sitting still to have this photograph taken.
the boy crawled across the floor and drug his left leg lazily.
the sim appears to be jumping up and down three times.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person hops up and down in place, three times.
a person holds his right arm out and his hand parrallel to the ground.
person raises right arms and points aggressively
a person holds their right hand out infront of themselves and puts it back down.
a person walks and hops sideways to his left
the sim appears to be dribbling a basketball sideways leading with their right side.
a person shuffles to the left while dribbling.
moving arms side to side near chest.
a person lowers their hands to their sides, and then makes a "no" motion with their arms.
a person moves their arms from side to side from the elbows out.
a person reaches overhead with their left hand and gestures in a throwing motion.
a figure raises their left arm to throw
the person threw something with his left hand.
a person jumps in place.
a man stands on the ground and springs up and down with his hands lowered.
a person jumps up quickly.
someone us pumping their right hand in the air.
a person raises their right arm in a celebratory gesture
the person raises their right arm above their head excitedly
a person gets down and crawls around the floor.a
a person starts by standing upright, then gets down on their hands and knees and begin to crawl to the right, then turn around and begin to stand up.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling.
a man struts forward and twirls with his arms swinging, then drunkenly walks back, spinning again with his arms flailing.
a person walks around in a flamboyant manner.
character is moving slowly before moving into a moderate jog.
a person walks forward few steps and runs the remaining steps
a person jogs straight forward.
a man bends his legs, lifts his arms slightly, and then jumps twice on the spot.
person crouches down then does two jumps
a person jumps up and down 2 times.
a person hugs themselves while rocking side to side then rubs their hands together in front of their face
a person crosses their arms, then rubs their hands together while rocking from side to side.
figure appears to be getting ready for something
a person squats down to the ground and gets on their knees, placing their hand on their lap, they sit back for a moment then they stand back up and turn around.
a person sitting down in a kneeled down manner like japanese natives
a person sits down on their knees with their hands on their lap, then stands up and takes a step back.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks slowly forward, swinging his feet wide.
the person is walking very slowly forward.
a person is wrinkling a paper in their hands and moving their feet from side to side
the person is doing a wrist and ankle warm-up.
the man spins his wrists around in a stretching fashion.  while doing these he is also moving the respective ankle in a circular motion.
someone slowly and dramatically walks forward in a straight line.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person walks forward a few steps
a person walks forward and catches something with their hands.
a person is seen walking forward.
a person squats slightly moving from side to side then steps their left foot backward.
a figure grapples in a wrestling pose.
person gets in quarter squat position, sways back and forth, then moves there left leg back a step.
moving arms around near chest.
a person leans to his right and jerks his hand up and down.
a person who seems to warm up their left leg by bowing slightly
a person is walking forward, stops, then puts his right hand by his face and keeps it there
walking and  then raising right hand
a person is holding their right arm to their head as if in pain.
a person reaches to their crotch with their right hand and pull something down.
moving arms in a circular motion while standing still.
person appears to unzip the front of their pants.
a person moves their right arm from their side, infront of themselves just below shoulder height.
moving arm in and out.
a person is standing while pointing at something with his right hand.
a person walks up to fix something and then walks back.
individual takes a few steps forward, bends down as to pick something up before walking back to the start location.
a person slowly walked forward  and grabed something
a person runs forwards, crouches beneath an object then runs forwards.
running in a diagonal line while crouching.
a person rins then ducks down
a person jumps up one time.
a person is jumping with no enthusiasm.
a person stands still and then does a single hop.
a person stands and jogs in place moving both knees and feet up and down as well as both their right and left hand.
person runs in place, first to the left and then to the right, backs up and then runs in place to the left and then runs in place on the right making a circle facing forward. ,.
a person jogs in place with no particular style.
a man walks forward, opens a door, then steps back.
the person walk forward and it’s mixing something in a bowl.
a person walking forward, grabbing something, then returning to original position.
a person walks forward, swings their left foot to the right in order to turn around, and then walks back to their original position.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person takes a few steps, swirls around and takes a few more steps.
a person walks in a s shape
a person walks in a wide winding path, creating large semicircular loops.
person walking in an s shape
the man steps forward and moves something on a table then steps back.
a person steps forward, picks up something with his right hand and moves it towards the left and sets it down.
a man walks up to something and moves it to one side.
a person walks forward then backwards before continuing forward.
the person walk forward slowly.
a man is walking forward slowly then takes a few steps back.
a person performing jumping jacks, or star jumps on the spot.
a person does 4 jumping jacks.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person turns to their left and picks up an object. then in the opposite way from where they were originally facing throws that object.
walking to the side then moving hands.
a man lowers his arms to his sides, turns to his left, grabs something at shoulder height with his left hand, turns away, and hurls it away like a frisbee.
simple stand on the floor on few second and move left side on the floor.
a person is standing still then quickly moves to the left.
a person drunkenly stumbles to the left
clapping hands near chest.
a person puts their hands together and rubs them together.
the person is posing as a subject.
arms out, drop right arm down and leave a minute and bring back up.
a person with both arms raised laterally lowers left arm then raises it again
a person stands with both arms outstretched to the side, lowers their left arm, then raises it again.
a man brings both hands up to come together over his head, then pushes them forward in an upward motion as though tossing something.
man raises arms above head and makes motion like shooting a basketball/
raising hands above head.
raising hands above head.
a perosn slowly walked backwards
a person steps back on right leg and thrusts right arm into air then down again.
look like the person is walking a step on something
person is stepping over some thing.
a character walks towards the camera stepping over a small gap in terrain cautiously.
the person is playing the drums.
a person uses both hands to do an air drumming motion.
a person plays drums.
a person walks forward and then turns to their right and walks back to the original space.
a person walks forward, spins, and walks back in the direction they came.
the person walks forward then quickly turns right
a person walks towards the right side.
person slowly walks towards the adjacent wall then stops
a person walks curving to his right.
person is using a sword
a person looks like they might be warming up for a ping-pong or tennis match.
stand a same place but shakes the hands.
a person appears to be throwing something with their right hand.
a person throws something, catches, then throws it again.
a person throws something and catches something.
person dances back and forth with a few leg kicks.
the sim is dancing kicking both legs around.
a person dances side to side delightedly with a few high kicks with their left and right leg
a person trotting forwards in a diagonal path.
the person is jogging to the left.
someone getting a running start and rolling something on the ground
a man walks forward with a bounce in his step before coming to a stop.
the person walks forward quickly.
person is walking very fast forward.
the person takes several steps forward.
a person stands with hands wavering next to body, then walks down and stops.
the person walks forward and then waits while its arms waves.
man walks in a clockwise circle, with his arms at his sides at all times.
a person walks in a circle at a steady pace with their head slightly tilted downwards.
a person walks in a circle, clockwise..
a person walks slowly forward then stops
a person walks forward a few steps
a person walks forward starting with right foot.
person was moving some thing in front of him.
moving arm in a circular motion
this person seems to be picking items from a shelf
a individual is standing still, raising their fists to make a rolling motion, before raising their fist up to their shoulders, shaking them then placing their left arm at their side.
person rolls his arms are boxing, then lift arms like celebrating, and push off to sides
a person is accepting praise.
a person hops around, jumping off of different objects.
person walking like trying to walk around a crack on the sidewalk
a person moves forward and hops from right to left carefully.
a person steps back, jumps forward turns counterclockwise, steps and jumps again, stops and turns around.
a man backsteps and then jumps forward, tapping his heels as he leaps, then turns to his left as he walks, turns sharply to his left, runs forward, and jumps again.
person jumps over an item, turns slightly to left then jumps over same item again.
a man dances, moving his legs in forward and backward steps as his arms move with his body, often making circular or twirling motions.
a person standing up moving forward in a dance motion then backward contantly moving their arms around in a cricle motion
the person is doing the salsa dance.
the toon bends down to pick something up before stepping backward slightly.
the person reach down to pick something up.
a person reaches down with their right arm to the ground, bending as necessary and supporting themselves with their left arm.
the person kicks a ball with their left foot, their arms raised to a t-pose as they do so.
a man stands on the ground ,moves his right hand foward , and then moves his left foot foward trying to kick something.
a person kicks something with is left foot.
a person walking and then leaning over for something
a person walks forward slowly then reaches up for something.
a person walks forward, rests their left hand on something, and leans over it.
a person puts his right hand to his face.
the man places his right hand to his head.
the person put his right hand in front of his face.
walking forward then placing hand over heart.
a person brings their hand to their chest in a salute, before moving to the side and repeating the gesture.
a person grabbed the left hand with right hand
a person walks quickly forward.
the man is walking very fast
a person take four normal steps walking towards the viewer.
the person is walking in a straight line
the man strolls slowly 7 steps.
a person walks straight forward
a person walks in a 3/4th complete counter clockwise motion  while swinging their arms forward and backwards
person is walking in a circle
the person is walking in a counter clockwise direction in a circle.
person crouches down a bit then holds arms out.
a person raised both hands, and pull it down
a person raises both of his hands.
a person lifts a weight with both hands in front of body.
a person who appears to be holding weights performs two forward curls.
a person performing bicep curls with both hand
a man confidently walks down a ramp with a measured pace.
a person is walking forwards in a straight line.
the person is walking forward.
the figure steps back and lifts its left (our right) arm and steps foward without putting it back down.
person sways back a few steps then puts left hand to face and moves hand around area
the man is warming up a bow
a person who is standing and holding a bottle in his hands opens the top and takes a drink.
a person punches with both arms.
a person is trying to dance
the sim walks to the far end of the plane, wobbling a bit.
a person is walking towards the viewer while veering to their left as if they are avoiding something in their path.
a person takes too-wide steps forward, and then comes to a stop.
person walks downwards before jumping once.
a person walks downstairs, before making a little jump at the bottom.
the person is walking downstairs.
a person makes a digging motion and throwing debris over right shoulder.
a figure digs with a shovel
shoveling something while standing still.
the man takes one giant step sideways to thw right.
a person is standing and takes one large step forward and to the right.
a person takes a very wide step to their right.
a figure holds his head in its right hand, then left hand, staggering slightly as if in pain
a person sways from foot to foot while holding something up to his face in his right hand and then switches to his left hand
a person walks forward and decide to answer their phone with their right hand and a few minutes later changes to the left
a person crosses their arms then un-cross it.
a person crosses his arms and sctatches his right arm.
a person crosses arms left over right
a person in a sitting position with his hands forward adjusts a steering wheel left and right.
a person is crouching while alternating each arm up and down.
a person is squatting and shaking his raised hands above his head.
a person runs in place.
a figure jogs in place
a person, was running while standing at the same place
a person walks calmly in a counter-clockwise circle and stops just before the circle completes.
the man is walking around in circular motion
the toon is walking at a moderate pace in a oval shape, not completing the full loop.
a man raises his left arm, lowers it and rasies right arm.
the sim raises both their right & left arms, standing still.
a person lifts his right and left arm.
figure moves around a circlular object off of a higher flat surface than its center.
person moves left arms right to left in a happy motion
a person stirs with the left hand.
a person walks up four steps while holding onto the railing with their right hand.
walking up stairs with arm out.
a person is walking up the stairs whilst holding the railing with their right hand
this person moves to the left, to the right and stops where they started.
person steps right a few steps then steps left a few steps then back towards the right to the starting point.
the person sliding to the right.
a person performing jumping jacks/ star jumps
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a man does jumping jacks, hopping while alternating between having his arms out and up and his legs apart, and bringing his arms down and bringing his legs in.
the person jumps from the straight up position, then as that person keeps jumping his/her arms are swinging from the innercia while performing additional 2 jumps.
a person bends down and jumps up  3 times with arms swaying.
a man jumps three times.
a person takes two large steps forward while putting their hands out straight then lowering them to the side.
the person is trying to stand up after being pushed.
a person being slightly pushed forward
walking in a diagonal line.
a man walks forward and stumbles to the side.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
jumping forward then stopping.
person stands still then jumps forward both legs thrusting together whilst arms pushing forward
a man crouches down and jumps forward with his arms swinging.
a person stirs something with their left hand
figure waves hand in front of themselves.
a person berings their left arm forward and swipes right to left
a man is holding hands to mouth as if to shout from side to side.
the sim is standing still, raises both their arms to their mouth & swaying slightly.
person has their hands around their mouth like they're shouting on the spot
first move the right hand after move the left hand.
figure is standing, turns to look right and raises right arm perpendicular to ground, then looks left and raises left arm perpendicular to the ground.
a man rolls his right shoulder back and then his left shoulder.
a person waving one hands in a horizontal circular motion in front of them
a person grabbed something with right hand
a person makes a circular motion with their right hand.
a man walks forward, turning slightly to his left as he does, before ending in a standing position.
a person walks in a half circle then stops with hands slightly raised.
a person is walking and turns left
a person slowly jumps backwards.
a person casually jumps back.
a person takes a jump back.
pushed to side then walking back.
a person trips backwards to the right.
a person is pushed to their right and they regain their balance
a per son crossing their arms and then uncrossing them.
this person is standing still at a 90 degree angle while crossing both arms over one another
the person is standing still with their arms crossed.
watching the time on the watch.
the person put his left arm up to his chest.
the man is touching his chest
a person putting both hands up as if he/she were to fight
person makes an upward swinging motion with his left arm which is similar to an upper cut in boxing.
a person moves then left arm up whilst moving their right arm down.
the man switches stance and bounces
a person is in a fighting standing with their right side forward. they pivot and switch to their left side.
a person holds both hands up and stands with right foot forward, then switches position so left foot is foward, and then goes back.
person turns around and raises right arm to touch something above his or her head
the man turns and aims with the right arm, tossing an object.
a person terms counterclockwise before holding up their right hand and giving a high five
the person is walking back-and-forth to the left to the right
a person moved in rigth and after left direction
a person sidesteps widely and deliberately
a man walk and make a right turn.
a figure walks forward and turns to the right
a person walked forward in right direction
the person is running over towards the right
a man is jogging forward.
he ran in a diagonal line from one side to the other.
a person walks forward while waving its right arm in the air.
a person motions forward with his right hand several times, then raises both hands over his head and down.
a person walking forward throwing their hands up in the air cheering.
a person walks towards the right side.
the person is walking and turned right.
person walks forward and to the right
the person grooms his hair, smoothing it down and making himsef presentable.
a person bend on the knee and raised the right hand
lifting arms to head as if brushing hair then touching chest with right arm
a person swings his left hand.
a person swings their left hand quickly while holding an object.
waving arm and standing still
person makes a motion of throwing something with right hand coming up to chest then traveling across body to the left
a person shift back to the right and throws something forward.
a man throws an object with his right arms.
a person takes two slow steps forward, pivots on their left foot 180deg, then takes two more slow steps forward.
a person walks, turns around, and walks back
a man walks forward, turns and then walks in the opposite direction.
walking forward and bending down
a figure walks a step forward bends down squatting on his let leg and looks down into something and then stands back up
person walks forward, places right hand on left knee and bends and then stands back up and steps back into place.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a counter clockwise direction.
a person starts in a spot, walks counter-clockwise in a slight oval, then stops in the original spot.
the person takes a few steps forward kicks something with their right foot.
a person appears to be hitting a ball with their right foot
a person kicking a ball with his right leg.
a person walks over and across a beam.
a person walks forward and stops.
an individual wobbly walks down a slope one foot straight in front of the other.
a person walks forward and vaults themselves over a wall. then turns around a does the same thing on the way back.
a person is walking straight and vaults over an invisible obstacle, then turns around and caults over the same obstacle.
a person walking forward volts with their right hand and then turns around counterclockwise and volts over a wall again with the right hand.
man has right foot on upper thigh of the left leg and hold it in a pose with arms out to his sides in the air for 3 seconds then drops his leg and begins to do the same pose but switches legs.
a person stands on their left leg while using their right hand to place the right foot against the left leg in a yoga pose. they then repeat the same pose with the left leg.
the person is standing on his left leg doing yoga.
bending down then up.
a person standing with their feet shoulder width apart and one foot in front of the other dips to the left with the top half of their body while keeping their feet still to dodge something
a person with both their arms up ducks.
the person walks forward on a wobbly path.
a person walks carefully towards the screen, avoiding things and taking steps over things.
a person slowly walked forward
a person sat on something
the man gets into a driver seat.
the person is sitting down.
a man stands on the ground, stretches his right and left leg and then stands with his hands in a bow shape.
leaning back and then forward.
before a run, someone put their left foot onto something in order to stretch their left hamstring, and used a different stretch immediately after to stretch their right hamstring.
on hands and feet a person crawls four paces on an angle to the right, turns and crawls back, and then stands up.
person is crawling on his hands and his feet.
a person crawling in the floor like a monkey.
a person lifts dumb bell with its right hand.
a person repeatedly bends their right arm at the elbow.
a person makes a lifting motion with their right arm, lowers their right arm, and then raises their right arm again.
a person put down something and  slowly walked forward
the man puts somwthing on thw ground and walks forward.
the person put down a box to walk forward.
a person jogs on the spot
a person jogs in place.
the person jogs in place
walking backwards and stopping.
a man walks backwards without looking behind himself.
a person walks straight backwards.
person is walking in a circle
person quickly walks in one clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person who is standing with his arms at his side, crouches, drops onto his hands, flips his feet into the air and returns with his feet on the ground.
a person does a back flip.
a person does a backflip, landing to the right
a person picks up a horizontal object from their front left hand side, then places it vertically to their right.
a person picks something up, then places it straight up to the right, then picks it back up and places it in the starting position.
reach reach down in front of him and poured something out on the right
a person walks easily forward.
a man walks slowly foward and then stops.
a person is walking bery slowly
a person walks forward making a gradual 90° turn towards the right.
the body walks in a slight bend from left to right.
a person walks to his right.
a person walking forward steps up onto something and then steps down off the other side, then again up onto something and down the other side, then turns right and walks forward, then turns right again and steps up onto something.
a person walks forward with left foot stepping higher than right foot. a person turns right walks fast to the right. a person walks backward with right/left foot fast with right foot stepping higher than left foot.
a person walks forward, stepping up with their left leg and down with their right, then turns to their right and walks, then turns to their right and starts stepping up.
a man lifts his right arm high and keeps his left low, wiggles them, then reverses these hand positions.
a person raised the right and after left hand
a man lifts his right arm, puts it down and then lifts his left arm.
a man walking makes a right turn
a person walks forward before veering off to their right.
a person raises both arms straight out before dropping to all fours and then rising into a kneeling position.
a person raises their arms out to their sides, lowers them back down and then leading with their left arm and leg, gets down on their hands and knees before raising up and standing on their knees
raising arms and then kneeling
a person walking, jump and keep walking
a person is walking forward and jumps over something.
a person walks forward slowly, pauses, jumps forward with both feet, then continues walking.
a person waves his right arm around.
person stretching right arm over head to the left.
a person raises his right hand above then over his head while slightly leaning to the side.
a man walks forward in a straight line.
the figure takes 4 large steps forward, with shoulder squared.
person walks fast five paces
a figure steps back and to the left.
a person takes a quick step backwards towards their right hand side
a man takes 1 step to the right.
a person walks down a ramp with the blue leg in front of another. the red leg bends and the person leans towards the right while walking down the ramp
a person slowly walked forward
the man is doing push beam
a person raised the right hand
the person was throwing with the right hand.
a person standing stretches right hand up
person is doing a huge stretch  to the right
a person's body leans to the right while simultaneously, both arms are raised above the head leaning right.
a person raises both arms and leans to the right.
a person walks forward, not quite in a straight line.
the man walks forward 5 steps starting with his right foot.
this person walks very slowly forward and stops.
walking back then sitting down.
a figure steps backward and sits down then stands up again
a person takes a step back and sits down, then gets back up
a person stayed on othe right leg and changed them while balancing
standing on one leg in place.
a person stands on their right foot and then their left.
a person bows slighly once.
a person doing a slight bow
a figure leans forward taking a bow
a person slowly walked forward while raising the hands up
a person raises their arms, while walking forward.
someone walks and raises their hands and keeps walking
figure uses hands to play imaginary violin beauitfully
a person plays the violin on his left shoulder
a person appears to play a violin on their left shoulder.
a person walks forward several steps.
a figure walks forward at a slow pace with long strides.
a person walks forward at  a normal pace.
a person jumps forward once.
person bends at the knees and jumps forward
the person is jumping straight up.
person is doing hand circles with arms out
person bends arms towards chest, extends it back out, bends it towards head, extends it back out, and then rotates the wrists in outward motion
the person is doing arm exercises in and out down..
a person waving both of their hands.
person is waving with both hands
figure appears to be signaling someone with hand motions
a person takes some steps forward, then jumps up and down.
a person walks forward, stops, and then jumps once.
a person takes five steps forwards, jumps in the air, lands and stands there
the person is flailing their arms around
person swings their arms and body up down and in a circular motion.
a person flails arms and sways body counterclockwise 2 times
a person is hunched over with their hands on their knees, and lifts both their arms out to their sides before places them back down again.
the person is doing bent knee  arm lifts.
a man stands with his hands on his knees, then raises his hands above his head.
someone leans over, picks up and object and waves it around before placing it back down.
a person bends over and touches something with his right hand.
the toon bends to grab an object, appears to be filling a cup, placing the item back to where it was.
a person jogs forward.
a person jogs on the spot
the person runs in place.
person is using touch screen
figure appears to be placing items on a shelf
the man lowers his arms then pokes at things with his right hand then his left.
a person walks at a 45 degree angle to the right.
a person that walks forward slightly to left
a person walks diagonally then turns clockwise to stop.
a person bending their arms up and down.
a person lifts dumbbell with both his hands
person was lifting dumbbells with his both hands.
a person walks and picks up an object and then throwing it.
individual is walking, bends over as to grab something, throw the object, then continues to walk.
a man walks forward, reaches to his right for something with both hands, then continues walking.
the person is waving with his right hand.
the sim is standing with their right leg extended, bringing their right arm up to make the waving motion.
the person raises their right hand and waves.
a person slowly gets on their knees.
this person slowly moves to the floor to rest on both knees.
a person grabbed something with right hand and did something with left hand
the person was moving his arms up and down doing something.
a man puts his hands out fully extended and then brings them back toward his body.
a man moves arms out at his side and in front of him in a swimming motion.
a person stands still for a moment, then walks forward to the far side of the room. they stop at the end of the room..
the person starts walking backwards
person as walking straight conference.
a person is pushing with both their arms.
a person puts both arms in front.
a person is pushing someone on a swing.
walking forward and to the side.
a person walks forward, stumbles to the left, recovers, and continues walking.
a man is walking and side steps to the left but continues to walk forward.
a man stretches his arms out in front of him and then flaps his arms at his side like a bird.
the man is doing a nursery rhyme
a person standing with hands as if in prayer draws right arm back as if shooting a bow and arrow, then begins waving hands at his sides.
[from:to(0:3s)] a person dodges something to his left, before squatting down.
the person is playing dodgeball.
a person who seems to be dodging things
a person crouches slightly to pick up an object, horizontally, flips the object vertically, before placing it back in a horizontal manner.
the person pick something up and put it on top of his other hand.
a person picks something up with their left hand and pours it into something in their right.
running forward and then stopping.
a person jogs forward several steps.
a person is running from one side to the other.
the toon is standing, appearing to be holding a steering wheel with both hands before raising their left hand upwards.
a man is standing with both arms bent at the elbows in front of him, then lifts his left arm above his head.
a man raises his left arm in the air.
the person is sitting down checking their shoe.
person takes a step forward then rests their left hand on an object while they stretch their right leg with their right hand, then takes a step back.
a person walks forward and then checks the bottom of their shoe for something.
a man stands and looks down at his left wrist while twisting it slightly back and forth.
he checks his watch which is on his hand
a person checks their watch.
the man is kneeling down
a person gets down on his hands and knees and then comes up to just his knees
a person kneels down on the floor with both hands stabilizing them then bringing the hands up off the floor.
a person does a cartwheel
person did a cart wheel.
a person leans over and touch the floor while swinging his legs over his head and stands back up again.
some performs two jumping jacks from a standing position.
the person does 2 jumping jacks in place.
moving the hands and legs like a exercises.
a person jumps up and down while moving his legs in and out and holds his arms up over his head and moves them back in forth to match his legs
he is doing jumping jack.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person gets down on the floor and kneels.
the man is kneeling down with both hands
the person is kneeling down with his right hand
moving hands towards face.
a person vigorously drinks a large amount of something without stopping.
the person is feeling his head like he is dizzy.
a person walking in a steady pace
a figure walks down a set of stairs and stops.
the person is walking forward  at a medium speed.
a person sits down and motions with their right hand.
a person has their arms stretched and then sits down
the man is standing, takes a seated position, then moves his right arm.
a person tilts his head back as if to drink something and repeats this motion a second time.
a person is twisting the top of a bottle and taking a drink
a person uses their left hand to open a bottle that they are holding in their right hand. they then raise it with that same right hand to their face and then lower it again to hip level and proceed to cover the object with the cap.
a person walks forwards stiffly with both arms out in front of them.
a person walks forward holding their arms in front of them.
a person is walking in an unbalanced and wobbly way.
a figure walks in a straight line down a path
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides confidently takes four steps forward.
person walks forward from back to front five steps
a person grabs his forearm muscle then lets it go.
a man standing holding left arm.
a person pours something from an object into another object.
a person moves around while expressing deep frustrations
man waling in a circular fashion gesturing in a aggravated fashion
someone appears to be arguing while they are pacing and moving their hands angrily
a person tilts object from left to right.
a person picks up and moves an object in front of them, from their left to their right, using both hands.
a man reaches down and moves something from left to right at waist height.
a person walks straight slowly.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person slowly walked forward
person squats and jumps out moving to the sides.
a person crouches down, hops to their left, then their right and stumbles forward and back to the original position.
a person squats and jumps to his left side, then squats and jumps to his left side.
the person walks forward straight and backwards diagonally
a figure walks in an hourglass formation, while maintaing forward eye contact.
the person is walking forward and backwards.
a person walks counter clockwise for a circle, then stretches with both arms upwards
a person walks in a left hand circle then stretches their arms.
a person standing up walks in a counter clockwise direction, then stops, then raises their hands together well above their head.
the figure "picks up" a rag/cloth and makes a motion to dry a larger object
the person is drying his right arm.
a person grabbed something and put it on somehwere
person is standing upright with legs slightly bent and both arms stretched outward, both arms drop to the side while body is slightly rocking left and right for six seconds then return both arms stretched outward
a person stands in place with their arms out and gently puts them down to their sides.
a person wiggles their shoulders from side to side with their arms by their side
a person steps downstairs while holding on to the rail with his left hand.
a man walks down a set of stairs.
the man comes down four steps starting on his right leg.
a person takes one large step forward and takes five small steps backward and stops.
a person walks up some stairs.
individual is stomping in place
this person standing still raises his right hand.
a person bends their right arm at their elbow, lifting something up and down
a person raised the right hand and lift something
a person looks down while stepping to their right.
a person moves right up a step.
a figure sidesteps slightly to the right
running on the floor on same place.
a person jogging in place.
a person is jogging in place.
a man jumps forward with his arms at his sides.
a person jumps forward a few inches.
a person jumps forward slightly.
a person walks in a tight clockwise circle.
the person who’s walking forward and then back around.
a man is standing and facing forward, then turns slowly in a full clockwise circle to face forward again.
the person step to the right to steps and then step back to the last four steps and stopped.
a man side steps to his right, and then side steps to his left.
person is sidestepping in both directions
the persons flexing his muscles and feeling it.
a person appears to play a violin with their left hand.
a person raises his right arm into the air, then gently raises his left arm over his right arm, before making a slashing motion downwards, as if sweeping something off his right arm.
a person walks casually counterclockwise in a circle.
the person is walking in a comple circle counter clockwise.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
the figure makes a motion as if it's moving a large but light object to the side.
a person picks up an object with both hands and places it somewhere else.
a person lifts and moves something from left to right.
person violently sweeps his arms back and forth across each other, as if fending off something from attacking him, while slowly moving backwards, then stopping and walking forwards.
person is dancing or swiping at something
a person swings their arms in front of them as they move backwards towards the left.
person walks generally forward along a somewhat curved path.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides calmly takes four steps forward and stops.
a person walks forward at normal speed.
a person waves with their right hand then stops.
the person is waving his right arm
a person raises their right arm shoulder height and waves from the side of their head outward, multiple times.
the body runs forward fast.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person runs forward quickly.
the person is sitting and put his right finger up.
a person sitting down, raises their right hand up and down very slightly.
a person is sitting and raises his right hand to eat.
a person takes a step backwards and sits down
a person takes a step back, sits down, then gets up takes a step and stops
person take a step back then sits down then getting back up and stepping forward.
a person takes a quick step to their left.
side step to the left
the man takes a giant sidestep to the left.
he read a newspaper while squatting.
a person sits down and is trembling.
a person is bending their knee and trying to lift something off the ground
person slowly walks forwards with hands by side.
a person is walking forward
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes deliberate steps on a treadmill.
a person walks forward lifting kicking feet up behind him.
a person skips forward, walking with their left leg and slightly jumping with their right leg
a person is jogging forward, jumping over an obstacle with each step.
person opens drawer, take something out
a person picks something up from the left with both hands, and then places it the right.
a person lifts something up and sets it down to their right.
a person steps over a hole.
a person walks forwards a couple of steps.
a person walks forward then steps over an object in its path
a person who is rolling and pulling something in their hand
a person holds something in their left hand and pulls in and out with the right hand.
a person is sewing with his right hand.
a person reaches their right arm forward.
the person raises their right arm, stretches it out in front of their body, and then lowers and returns their arm back down to the right side of their body.
person crosses right arm then lowers arm back down to their side of body
a determined figure walks forward with arms slightly swaying.
the person walks in place.
a person walks forward at a normal speed
the man dribbles a ball.
a person funs very fast.
a person fastly ran forward
a person excitedly pumps their right fist.
a person hot omething with right hand
the person spthrowing something with his right arm.
a person slowly walks backwards.
a person slowly walked backwards
walking backwards and then stopping
a person puts his right hand to his head and searches back and forth
this person looks to be moving their hands in a motion like they are dancing. they seem to reinact climbing something and then looking around them.
a man stands lifting his arms up and then circles arm around one another then up toward something; looks from left to right and then moves elbows up from left to right.
person walks forward pick something up then walks back and stoops down then stands up.
a person walks over to a spot, picks something up and carries it to another spot.
the person walk forward pick something up then and then walked back.
person picked up his phone made a call and then put it back down.
person squats down and scratches their head with their right hand
a man raises his right hand, then lowers it back down.
a person who seems to evade something from their left side and run at a insane pace
a person sprints forward in a non straight line
a person steps forward hard and at an angle and quickly shift his weight and changes direction breaking into a sprint
person is hopping on one foot at a time alternating between left and right
a person hops on their left foot then stands on both feet.
a figure hops on one foot at a time as though doing a jig
person quickly runs forward into their left.
person was running to the left.
a person runs forward then turn left as their running.
the person is jumping up and down.
person is jumping up and down
a man jumps up multiple times.
taking a couple of steps back
a person is walking backwards.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes four steps backwards.
a person brings both of their hands to their chin and holds them there before lowering both hands to their side.
a man moves his arms up then back down.
a person moves arms to his shoulders and then back by his sides.
someone raises their left arm twice and stops
moving hand up and down near face.
a person raised the left hand and made some jesture
the person  is doing an exercise warm up.
a figure rubs its hands together and shifts its weight from foot to foot
moving arms near face.
a person puts his hands on his thighs.
the figure places their hands on their thighs, with their legs slightly bent, then after a few moments, stretches their arms out to the sides.
a person squats slightly and puts their hands on their thighs and then stretches out their arms to the side fully.
wipes down a counter with his right hand
a person seems to be doing circles with his left hand
a man uses his left hand to stir something.
a person is not moving just moving his hands they both in the same spot, trying to pray or ask for something
the person is praying in buddhism.
a person clasps their hands at chest level as if praying.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls around, then gets back up.
a person crawls on floor on hands and knees.
person  assumes a position  on the floor
a person walks in a curved line.
a person walks in a curved angle then stops.
a man walks and turns to the right.
someone jumps up twice, bringing their hands together in front of them as they go upwards and releasing them as they go downwards.
a person standing flat on the ground bends their knees and their throws their arms up to chest level to make a small jump twice.
a person jumps in place three times.
the person does a very quick dance.
a person too fast shaked with hands
a standing man does a dance. he taises his left arm the. his right arm straight up over his head. then holds both arms straight out.
a person slowly sits down
a man sits down on something with his legs spread wide.
a person sits carefully down on a chair.
a person cleaning the floor by sweeping, mopping or using a vacuum cleaner
the person is vacuuming something.
a person uses a vacuum while moving from left to right.
a figure kicks with its right foot slowly
this person swings his right foot while standing.
the person is wiping some thing off of his right foot.
while slightly hunched over, a person take several small steps forward, gestures with both hands several times, turns to the left and walks in small steps.
person dopily walks forward and is making silly gestures and body movements
a figure shuffles forward, hunched, and then gestures in exasperation, flapping its arms before hunching and retreating
the guy is jogging down the street.
a person jogs in place.
a person jogs forward at a casual pace.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person casually walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks clockwise at an average pace.
a woman, appearing to be doing yoga, bends backward and makes a bridge with her body. she then lifts her right leg up straight and plants back down and stands back upright.
waving arms up and down then legs.
a person does a backbend and then raises one leg up before standing back up.
a person waves lazily with their right hand
a person waves with the right hand.
the man is moving forward
a person stands still then takes one step forward
a person walks forward with arms at their side
a person takes a small step forward
a figure seems to clear the table in front of them
a person makes a circle in front of them with their right hand.
a person standing makes one counter clockwise circle with their right hand in front of them.
a figure bends slightly to lift something with both hands then sets the item down to the right
a figure lifts and object and places it back on the ground slowly
a person lifts an item with both hands and places it to his right
a person walks forward, bends at the knees, lifts something with both hands and places it down, then turns 180 degrees and walks away.
a person walks forward, picks something up, sets it back down, and walks back.
a slender person walks forward briskly, crouches and lifts an object with both hands, puts the object down in a higher position, then stands up and walks back.
a person standing at the top portion of a rectangle jogs to the other side of the rectangle.
a person jogs a few steps forward quickly.
moving fast on the at front
a man plays a violin with his left hand.
a person lifts up their right arm and touches it with the left
a person raises his right arm, touches his bicep with his left hand and lowers his arms.
a person does a small jump
a person bends both knees and jumps once.
a person hops up into the air.
a person jogs forward quickly.
a person ran on the place
a person jobs on the spot.
a person lifts something with their right arm, shakes something with both arms, then does a quick shake of something with only the right arm.
a figure marks a center on a map.
the person is sitting down doing an experiment.
person is doing across punch to the right.
a person positions his arms and legs and uses the right arm to punch to the left.
a person punches forward with their left hand
a person kneels on both knees then stands into an upright position.
the man is sitting down and standing up
he kneels, moving his left foot back first then has right; not using his hands to help himself, he stands up
a person makes several small jumps in a row.
a person jumps up and down three times.
a person jumps up and down while holding their arms to their side.
a person starts with fast jumping jacks before slowing down.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person does multiple jumping jacks
a person runs forward quickly.
a person jogs forward, and begins shifting left.
the person sprints forward and curves to their left.
a person stumbles forward and catches their weight.
a figure staggers one step forward
a person takes a large step and walks forward
a person rolls their right ankle around.
this person moves the right leg in a small circular motion.
the person is twisting his right ankle.
a person jumps up and down two times.
a person is hopping gently in place
the person jumps on top of the box
the person took a small jump forward.
a person jumps with both feet a small distance forward and lands on both feet at the same time.
a person jumps over something.
a person stands still, then walks, and grabs something before holding it straight out to offer to someone
a person lifts an object with their right hand while stepping forward.
a man picks up something with his right hand then walks forward and places the object on a shelf.
a person lifts their right arm up over their head and gives a single wave.
the stick figure raised it's red left hand and waved from right to left
a man raises his right arm to wave his hand.
person is flexing their arm muscles
a person doing a body building flex pose.
a person walks forward, turns around and then makes several poses with their arms.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a person performing star jumps
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides does three straight jumping jacks and returns to standing with his arms by his sides.
a person lifts an object with both hands from a horizontal position to their left, and holds it in a vertical position to their right, with their right hand on top, then they return it to the starting position.
a man grabs something at his left hip, then sets it down tot he right.
a person holding an object up to another object then returning it to where it was.
a man walks to the opposite end of the room.
person is walking very fast forward.
a person walks forward really fast.
a person raises their left arm up to their face.
this person while standing still lifts his left arm as if to check the time on his watch.
a man puts his left hand in front of his chest.
a person stretches his bent elbows behind his back and then straightens both arms and stretches them behind him, then raises his right arm over his head in a practice throwing motion.
a person is stretching out his arms and back
moving arms side to side.
this person is walking back-and-forth diagonally.
a person walks forwards then turns around and begins to pace back and forth diagonally across the ground
a person paces back and forth at an angle
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person slowly walks forward.
person is crouching down and crawling.
a person walks backwards, then stumbles forward and falls on all fours, crawls forward a bit , and then walks backward.
walking backwards then crawling forward.
the man bends his right arm to engage his bicep muscle and do a curl then the man bends his left arm in the same fashion.
the toon raises their right hand as if to drink from a cup.
a standing person raises their right hand and then their left hand.
a person stands around and then throws something.
standing still than raising right arm
a person does a high five with the right hand.
person side steps to their right and stops
a person takes one step to the right diagonally.
a person stands still before side stepping right
walking in a half circle.
the person walked around the bend to the right.
a person walks forward, and then to the left.
walking forward then stopping.
a person walks forward.
person person is walking forward at a medium speed.
the person is walking forward leaning over a table.
a person walks forward and picks up something
walking up to a surface to use as leverage to pick something up
hands come together above head with arms fully extended, returning back to hips and feet move slightly inward at the same time the hands meet.
the person does jumping jacks very quickly.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person squats down and shakes their arms up toward the sky
a squatting person is manipulating something in front of them with their arms.
a person eats with their fingers.
a person grabbed something with both hands and put it down
a person stumbles as they grab their head with their hands, as if in distress.
a man covers his head, appear to duck something while moving to his left, then moves back to the right and repeats this action.
person seem frustrated as they walk away and come back with arms up.
a person who did a counter clock wise 180 turn and then walks away; then walks back and then stands in a t pose
a person turns around, walks five steps, turns around and walks back to the starting point, and spreads his arms.
person is looking through binoculars at someone.
a person brings both hands up to their mouth, and then lowers their hands
person picks up something and puts it to their face
person standing raises right knee upward, then puts foot back down.
a person picks up their right leg and touches it with their left hand.
a person stomps with their right foot.
a person walks backwards down stairs swinging arms back and forth to the side.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes four steps backwards and down before he stops.
walking forward slowly then back.
the person didn’t warm up and started jogging in place.
a person walk, jogs, then runs in-place as though doing a quick warmup session.
he does a run on the spot
a person is waving both arms.
the man extends both arms above his head to signal someone.
a person waves his arms overhead creating a y-pattern when his arms are outstretched.
person moves left and right leg before  moving to the right quickly then the left
a person jogs in place and then jogs around.
a person jogs in place, jogs to the left, jogs to the right and then returns to their original location.
a person walks up stair, holding a rail to their right.
a person climbs up a set of stairs using the railing with their right hand.
a person climbs a set of stairs and puts their right hand on the railing
walking forward and then to the side.
a man walks forward and then trips towards the right.
a person recovering from a push to their left
the person is dribbling a basketball backwards
the man is dribbling with the basketball
a person slowly walked backwards
a figure places its hand over its heart
a person looks at their left wrist.
a person checks something on his left wrist
a person raised the right hand
person lifts their right arm then puts it down.
raising arm and then lowering it.
the man is throwing his right hand
a person prepares to throw something with their right arm and completes the throw.
moving hands around near face.
the man walked forward, spun left on one foot and walked back to his original position.
person walks forward and turns left to walk back to starting point.
the person is walking and making a left turn.
a figure throws a ball and catches a ball
the person threw the ball with his right hand.
person throws something then bends down and to the right with hands together.
person takes a one step kick with their right foot
a person kicks their right foot
a person lifts their leg to kick something forward and then places their leg back on the ground
a person is drinking from a bottle with their right hand.
a person drinks from a bottle
person opens something using left hand and proceeds to drinking it while holding it in right hand
a man gestures with his right hand to himself.
he does a gesture then stops
a person shows their right hand.
the toon raises their right hand as to take a drink from a cup.
a person bends his elbow and puts his open right palm up to his face as if he is covering a yawn, and then moves his hand back down again.
a person lifts right hand to face and then lowers hand.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is walking in a straight line.
a person is walking at a normal pace
a man walks slowly on a flat surface
a person is walking at a normal pace.
man left foot stump one then stay in standing position.
a person stomps with their left leg
a person stayed on the place and after up the left leg
person walks  slowly forward
a person walks forward at a relatively fast pace.
a person walks at a normal pace.
a man crouches down while alternating raising his arms.
the person is driving and turning the steering wheel.
a person is sitting and shimmying with their arms.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person does three jumping jacks.
a person jumping while swinging their arms over their head, jumping jacks
person is looking at his left wrist.
a person standing lifts his left arm up in front of his face to look at his wrist
a person looks at their left arm.
a character is crouching over with their hands in front of them as to make the motion of searching through a file cabinet.
the person is acting like a dog.
a standing person bends at the waist swinging right to left and shakes their hands.
a figure walks down a set of stairs with their arms in the air with a very sultry strut.
he goes over a beam
the person is walking over of balance beam.
user takes a couple steps forwards then precedes to turn around pivoting on right foot
person walks forwards at a fast pace, turns around 180 degrees clockwise using only their right leg as support, and then walks forwards again.
man walks forwards, pivots back in a half turn to the right, and walks back the way he came.
a standing person raises their right hand above their head and then lowers it.
the person raises and lowers their right hand.
a person raises their left arm above their head.
a person lowers their arms to their sides, steps forwards, and then opens something.
the person stands up while signing the letter
this person steps forward, bows and appears to serve something.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms above his head, leans to his left, leans to his right and then drops his arms and resumes his standing position.
person lifts hands above head and stretches from side to side
the man is stretching his hips
a person walks around in a circle.
a person walks in a small, counterclockwise circle, three times, while crossing one foot over the other.
the body side steps one foot over the other in a counterclockwise circle.
the person walks up a hill
a man walks forward slowly.
a person takes five steps forward
a person throws an object with their right hand then catches an object with both hands.
this person lifts his right arm and waves forward.
the person throws the football forward
a person walks forward two steps turns on left foot walks back two steps
a figure walks forward, pivots around on his heel, and walks back to the starting point.
a person slowly walks forward then quickly turns around and walks back slowly
a person starts to run while starting from a standstill position across a floor and then stops.
a person sprints to the front left.
the man is sprinting happily
a person side-steps to the right, then to the left, then back to center.
a man takes side steps to the right, then side steps to the left, and finally side steps to the right, to return to the center.
a person slowly moved in right and left direction
a person walks slowly forward and stops after a few paces.
a person walks forward
the person is walking very slow.
walking forward and then back.
a person walking forward and back.
the person was walking and turned left.
a person leans on something while stumbling around.
the body leans slightly to the left side with the left hand as the right foot kicks out.
a person stumbles and falls onto something which they lean on with their left arm to correct themselves and start walking again.
jumping on one leg.
the person is hopping on one leg.
a person hops on his right leg
person is standing and does a left kick
a person lifts their left foot, shakes it, lowers it.
a person leans to their right, then makes a small forward kick with their left leg.
a figure jogs in place.
a person runs in place.
a figure runs in place effortlessly.
a person walks so spirited to the right and stands.
the person walks forward and turns to their right and keeps walking.
a person walks in a curved path forward and to the right.
a standing person steps forward putting their hands out in place in motion to catch an object then steps back with their left foot and lifts their hand up to motion throwing the object back
a person steps forward with their right foot to catch an object then steps back with that same food to throw the object back.
a person steps forward, catches an object, and then throws the object forward
a person washes the left arm.
a person picks up a bar of soap with his right hand, turns on the shower with his left hand, lathers up with his right hand, and he puts the soap back in its place.
a person picks up something with his right hand and cleans the item in his left hand with it.
a person reaches around then wipes something before slanting over to place it down.
person shifts weight backwards, then forwards, before bringing hands together and rotating the right arm back in a throw.
a person throws something and then catches something with their right hand.
this person catches then throws as if playing baseball.
shaking hand side to side.
the person is standing still, holding something with their left hand & using their right hand to mix whatever it is.
the man is moving his hands in a motion as to stir a cup or pour something.
a person doing a counter-clockwise spin and then jumping.
the person is jumping and twisting to the left and right.
a person jumps and twists in the air.
figure scratches their head with their right hand
a person lifts their right hand to scratch their head.
a person scratches their head.
a person jogs on the spot
a person runs on the spot.
the person does a little side to side dance, barely lifting its legs and bringing them down quickly, while shimmying its shoulders up and down slightly.
the person did a kick spin to the right
a person does a spinning kick in an anticlockwise direction and ends up in a fighting pose
a person does a round house kick
a person walks in a large arc to their right.
a person walks in a quarter circle to their right with the left leg stiffer than the other
a person walks to the right.
he moved his hands inward then outward.
person flexes arms towards and away from body with elbows bent and then repeats this with arms extended.
a person has his arms bent in front of him, before stretching them out to his sides and bending his elbows again.
a person walks forward aggressively then runs away in fear.
the person was walking forward and was surprised by someone.
the person walks forward flexes then walks back scared.
a person stands still with their legs slightly bent.
person has arms out at side, lowers, them, then puts them back
a person lowers his arms, jiggles shoulders slightly and then raises arms.
a person holding their hands together stands still.
a figure stands with its hands pressed together, perhaps as though in prayer
a person is standing upright and putting their hands together in a praying motion.
a person is on his knees and stands up.
the body is on the knees as the right hands is used to push off the ground to stand back up.
a person on the ground with its knees, gets back up.
hi cindy drinking a bottle with his left hand.
a person raises something to their face with their left hand.
a person drinks a beverage using his left hand
person lifts their hands above their head then goes down onto the floor and does a push-up, then stands.
a person does a burpee.
the person is doing exercise warm-ups.
a man picks something up with his right hand and swirls it around.
man stands straight, picks and object up with his right hand and creates a sawing motion in the air while also holding up his left hand. then drops both hands to his sides and takes one step backward.
a person stands and reaches right hand, grabs something and then shakes hand over something, and then puts the item back and steps backwards.
a red and blue stick figure picks something up with and scrubs with bost hands
a person grabs something with their right and let hands and then, brings them together a few times and then puts both back into place.
a person moves their arm back and forth in a pulling motion.
a person dances while holding his left arm up, then stops and lowers said arm so left hand is paused at waist level.
a person dance and moves his legs and hand.
a person dancing with right arm in the air and bouncing back and forth
the person took a big step over something.
a person steps over something while walking.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person does four jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks on the spot.
a person does a few jumping jacks in place and then stops
a person stands on one foot before stepping forward to bend towards their left foot and attempt to wipe something off of it.
a person is balancing on one leg and holding the other
a person holds their left foot in their left hand, takes a step to the right, bends down and appears to tie their shoe.
a person jumps in the air
a person stands still before jumping in place once.
the person jumped up and down.
a man while crouched raises his right hand then brings it back to touch his left hand only to raise his right hand again.
a person raises their arm over their head and then puts both hands together.
the person picked up the phone and was talking on the phone
a person sidesteps to their right and then back to their left.
the toon steps backward at an angle, before shuffling to the side & stopping.
a person shuffles to the right then to the left.
a person is waving with their right hand
a person waving with their right hand
the person is waving with his right hand.
a person walking forward with their right hand up suddenly walk to their right and brings both hands up, then they recover and puts their left hand down.
a person stumbles forward, leaning on somebody.
the person is being pulled in a direction by someone.
the person is walking back-and-forth from left to right.
a man turns and walks back and forth to opposite ends of the room.
a person slowly walked in right and left direction
the person is walking forward.
the person walks forward slowly and rigidly.
the figure takes small steps forward towards the camera starting with the left foot.
subject is standing facing ford subject then moves left arm slowly above left shoulder then puts it back down again
the man raises his right hand in the air and then drops it back down.
the person is trying to takeoff his shirt.
a person jumps forward and then rolls forward on the ground and stands back up.
a person jumps and rolls
someone hops down off of an object and immediately rolls over their right shoulder to stand back up.
there is a person wiggling their arms.
a person is dancing and waving their arms
figure grooves with hands waving at sides
a person is walking up stairs while holding the hand rail.
a person is walking up stairs.
a person walks up several stairs with their right hand on a handrail
a person walks forward and then to their left.
someone walks straight before turning left
a person walking in a half circle
someone scratches their head with their left hand.
a person is scratching their head.
the teacher writes a note on the chalkboard
a person walks forward and swings arms.
a man walks forward quickly.
a person walks really fast.
a person does a throwing motion with his right arm
a person walks forward from a neutral position and throws an object with right hand and right leg kicks back.
the sim appears to throw an object.
a person walks forward then spins around and walks back
a person walks forward turns left and walks back to his original position
a person slowly walked forward and returned
person is running forward at medium pace
the person is running forward.
a man jogs forward with arms bent and moving loosely at his sides.
a figure leans forward as though impersonating an airplane/scanner
person bending down and making odd circular movements
a person is bent over forward and moves their body left to right like a snake several times.
someone is trying to keep themselves from falling over by having their right arm rest on a raised platform or ledge.
a person with their arm raised to about chin height seems to be scratching something directly in front of them.
a person looks to be crying and wiping his eyes.
person is walking in a l shape
a man walks forward then turns right after a short pause
a person walks forward, pauses, turns right and continues walking.
a person looks to be stiring something and then squeezing something in both hands.
a figure gestures with its right hand then brings its hands together
a person shakes their right hand in front of them, pulls it into their chest and holds it with their left hand, then shakes it in front of their chest again before repeating the sequence
a person sits down slowly.
a person sits down slowly.
a person sits down on something.
a person standing puts arms up.
taking a picture of the subject.
character is standing still bringing both hands to their face, before shifting and resting their arms once again at their side.
person waving their right hand five times
a person is waving their right arm.
the person uses their right hand to wave hello
a person walks forward in a straight line
the person is walking very straight forward.
a person takes a few steps forward and then stops.
subject is holding both arms up in a victorius pose and transitions to post victory pose.
a person boxes with arms extended upward.
a person gestures with their hands above their head, then steps forward by crossing their feet.
someone jumps into the air and does spinning twist in the air.
the person did a hop in a 30° angle.
a man jumps in a full counter clockwise circle.
a figure walks forward in a sort of strut fashion, lightly zagging to the right then to the front
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction while balancing
a person sits on an object, then stands up to sit on the ground cross legged before standing up again
a person sits on the floor and stands up.
a person sits down, gets up and then sits cross legged on the ground and then stands.
walking forward and bending down.
person walks forward while stumbling
the person is walking a straight line. the person then stumbles to the left and catches itself before falling down while continuing to walk.
a person takes 2 steps forward, then does a sharp right turn and walks back to starting point.
walking forward and then back.
the person is walking towards the right.
a person casually jogs forward.
a person jogs straight forward.
a person starts running and stops
a person sways their arms back and forth while bent over.
a person swings thier arms around.
a person swings his arms back and forth and bounces
a person side steps to the right and then to the left.
a person taking small steps to left and right/
a person takes a few side steps first to their right, then again to their left.
a man leisurely throws a ball.
a person throws something with his right hand and receives something with his two hands
the person throws something with their right hand and then catches something.
person stands still then throws something with right hand above their head
person is throwing with the right arm.
a person raises their right hand over their head while twisting.
a person is standing, and then lift their left arm as if to check the time on their watch
a person checking their left wrist
a person checks the time on their watch
a person paces back and forward a few times before coming back to a stop.
this person walks left then right quickly.
a person paces from left to right, and ends at their origin.
the person is swimming like a fly.
a person is floating in the air while waving their arms and kicking their legs as if swimming.
a person swang the hand, while swimming
the man street his body .
the man raises up and down on his toes raises his arms  then back up on his toes raises his arms and steps back.
a person holds stands on their toes and holds their arms up.
a person walks forward and stops
a man walks down some stairs, ending in a standing position.
the person is walking downstairs.
the person bends down and gets on their knees.
the person knelt down with his right leg first.
a person steps their right foot forward then kneels with their left knee placing their right hand on the ground and bringing the right knee to the ground then sits up with both knees on the ground.
a person kicks with their right leg.
person takes a step forward with left leg thens lifts the right leg and swings it to the side of the left leg then steps back to original position
walking forward and kicking foot.
the person rotates both of their wrists
a person seems to be shaking their hands quickly while then leaning forward and lifting their left leg slightly off the ground.
the man wrings his hands and twists his left ankle.
a person does three jumping jacks
a person is performing star-jumps.
a person does 3 jumping jacks.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person slowly walked forward
the person is walking forward normally.
person has shoulders slumped and is bent at the waist
the person stands there, then bends their neck to look down.
the person is acting like a human dog.
a man climbs over a stool and then sits on it.
a person walks and sits down with his hands by his lap.
a figure step over something , sitting on top of it and then pats it a few times with his right hand
a person raises their left hand above their head.
a person lethargically raises their left hand to their head.
person raises left hand to head then puts it back down.
someone is facing forward then slowly bends down and jumps 180 degrees.
a person jumps in the air and spins 180 degrees while off the ground.
a man jumps and turns in the opposite direction.
a man moves side to side and  spins trying to make a salsa dance movement.
the man is doing the salsa dance
man waltzs alone in a clockwise pattern
a person hops on one foot, then lands on two feet twice then turns around.
person hops with one leg and then two in a hopskotch like manner.
jumping forward on one foot then two.
this person is jumping around acting like a monkey.
taking big steps to the side as the hands pound the ground, chest, and back down to the ground in a circle.
a person imitates an ape, leaping sideways along the ground in a crouched position and pounding on their chest.
a person walks down several steps, while using their left hand along a handrail.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides descends stairs while touching a hand rail with his left hand.
a person walks down stairs with their left hand on the railing.
the person does a basic walk forward
a person is walking in a straight line.
person walks forward seven steps
a man sits and eats with his left hand.
someone squats low to the ground and eats with their left hand.
a lounging person eats with their left hand.
a person is standing still, then walks forward and kicks something on the floor with his right foot
a person takes two steps and throws sometime
a man steps forward vigorously and then kicks something low with his right leg.
a person steps forward and touches left hand to chin inquisitively, suddenly walks to the left, leans over to pick something up, then walks to the right doing a sweeping motion while leaned down.
the person starts off confused as he brings his curled fingers close to his neck and stands still as his left hand swings lightly for a second. his thinking stance only last for a second before he raises his curled hand up over his neck and reopens them quickly. after than notion he takes big steps and picks up an item as if it was low to the ground. he turns around and begins to  sweep the floor.
a person walks forward, pauses, then turns and walks left; he grabs an object and sweeps back to where he began.
a person walks down some steps.
this person walks forward then stops.
the person is walking down the stairs.
a man gets on his knees and crawls to the the right and then to the left.
a person gets down on their knees and starts crawling.
a person gets down on all fours, crawls to the right and then to the left before standing back up.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes two steps forward, then quickly steps sideways to his right.
a person walks forward, the quickly shuffles to the right.
a person walks forwards and is pushed to the side, then keeps walking trying to keep balance.
the person is waving hello to someone.
a person waves with his left hand.
the person waves to their friend
a person walks forward, spins around on his left leg anticlockwise, then walks back into the direction he came from
a person walks forward then spins around and walks back
a man walks forward 2 steps then back to his original place.
a person leans down to pick something up and then uses it with their hands.
a person bends over to pick something up just in front of their right foot. while doing this, the person is puting their body weight on their left foot while bending over to pick up the item.
a person bends down on their right leg and picks something up with their right hand.
wake on the floor and create a some drew.
a person paces slowly back and forth.
a person carefully paces back and forth, their arms loose at their sides.
crossing arms on chest.
stick figure crosses arms before uncrossing them
a person crosses then uncrosses his arms.
a person raising thier left arm in front of them
a person lifts their left arm to check their watch.
a person takes an object from a shelf in front with left hand.
the person is holding the camera to focus on a subject
the man reaches both hands to his face before dropping them back to his sides.
a person puts both hands to his face.
the person is pretending they are an elephant.
hunched over, arms dangling, a person sways to and fro.
a man is hunched over, and he brings his left hand over to join his right as he makes slow stirring motions.
someone is walking diagonally holding their right elbow with their left hand.
walking forward while holding chest.
a person walking towards the right while their left hand holding their right arm.
a person walking forward while pausing periodically.
a person slowly walks and looks around.
slowly walking forward with pauses between every few steps.
a man holds his hands up in the air and then puts them down close to each other making a circle shape.
person was doing a bodybuilding pose.
a person raises both arms with hands at head height, then lowers them and cradles an object by their right side.
with his hands up in front of him, a person bounces up and down loosely, slightly turning from side to side.
a person jumps from left to right, with both arms folded towards the body. they then proceed to throw both arms down to the side and walk forwards with the arms slightly swaying.
moving arms side to side while jumping.
a person moves forward quickly and lifts both legs before landing and continuing to move forward.
a person takes four small steps, jumps up and then takes three more steps.
the person jog forward jumped over some things kept walking forward.
a person who is running takes three strides forward.
a person runs and hops over something.
a man jogs forwards at a medium pace.
a person is walking forward on a downhill slope at a moderate pace, and takes a large step with their right foot as if they are stepping over something, and then continues walking until a stop
a person walks forward avoiding gap.
a man walks slowly forward and takes one long sliding step with his right leg and then continues walking forward.
the person backed up to pose.
walking backwards in a diagonal line.
a person walk backwards slowly
a person slightly bends their knees and then jumps forward.
a person who jumped forward
the person took one step jumping forward
person person was walking over a balance beam.
a person holds their arms out to their side and walks forward trying to balance.
person does a line test.
a person repeatedly jumps up and down.
a person hops in place.
the person is jumping rope.
a person appears to cradle a baby, with their right hand supporting the head and their left supporting the body.
a person leaned something near to face with right hand
a man bounces side to side while holding his right hand up and his left hand across his belly
person gets on the floor and starts crawling
a man crawls from left to right turns counter clockwise then crawls back
a person gets down and crawls in a circle.
a person runs forward slightly to the left.
a man runs forward quickly, pumping his arms.
the person sprints fast in a diagonal line
the person hopped on his left foot then he hopped on his
a person jumps stands on their left leg and jumps.
someone jumping on one leg first on the right leg then next on the left leg.
a person is standing on their left leg, kicking  with their right leg, standing on their right leg, then kicking with their left leg before standing with both feet on the ground.
kicking feet while standing still.
a person kicks the ground, first with their right leg, and then their left.
a figure lunges backwards in a flexed pose.
person does lunges to left side with arms out in front.
a person stands with their legs wide and squats down and up bending only their left knee
jumping forward very quickly once.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends at the knees and takes a long jump forward.
a person jumps forward one long step.
a person is walking sideways right and then left.
a person steps to the roght three times and then steps to the left five times while holding their arms at their sides.
a person takes three side-steps to the right and then takes four sidesteps to the left.
a person appears to be walking on a single line with one foot in front of the other
a person walks from left to right diagonally, holding a beam on either side of their body for support.
while holding on to something on either side, a person walks what appears to be a narrow path across the screen.
a person slowly walks forward then turns around
a person walks forward a few steps
a person walks forward slowly and then turns around.
the person was walking forward very scared.
this person is walking as if he is scared.
person cautiously walks diagonally, before checking over their shoulder and then turning around and cautiously walking back the way they came.
the person is putting something in a mixing bowl.
a person aproaches and then opens something
a person steps forward and picks something up with his left hand, before stepping back and holding his arms out to his sides.
the person was walking forward normally.
person appears to walk forward steadily.
a person is walking in a stationary position, most likely on a treadmill.
person runs, then gets on all fours and moves forward, then gets up
a person takes a step forward, then crouches, taking a couple of steps forward on hands and feet, then stands again to walk.
the person job forward then get down on their hands and knees.
a person bends their knees and jumps up, spinning counterclockwise while in the air, and then repeat the jump.
a person jumps and spins anticlockwise, then regains his balance then does it again
a man jumps in the air and does a 360 degree turn lands and does the same action again.
someone raise their left hand and wave
a man stands and raises his right hands and then starts waving on the air.
a person raises his right arm and waves his hand
a person walking right and left seems he/she is distressed
walking from side to side.
the person is walking back and forward left to right.
a person is standing still with both arms raised to their sides laterally at shoulder level.
a person raised the both hands
person is doing a t pose.
a person alternately raises and lowers their arms, raising the right while lowering the left and vice versa.
a man is standing upright, not moving his feet, raising his left arm above his head, then switching to put his right hand above his head, stretching
he does a warm up
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person performs two jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks on the spot.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person walks while slowly swaying their hands and arms.
a person walks forward six steps sluggishly.
a person who is standing with his hands away from his sides takes two steps forward, swings around 180 degrees and takes two steps in the opposite direction and stops.
a person walks in a circle.
walking forward and back.
person walks forward and uses a item to squat down. then stands up and walks backwards.
the man walks forward, crouches down to the ground, then backs up to his original stance.
a person kneels and stands up.
a person walking with the help of hand rails
a man walks in a straight line leading off with his right foot, replaces one foot in front of the while extending his arms to his side, he then turns towards his and walks a few more steps.
a person is walking while holding a hand rail
a person walks forward and the comes to a stand still
a person who seems to be walking down a walkway in a fashionshow
a person walks down some steps.
a person reaches forward with his right hand and reaches backward with his left hand, jabs forward and back twice and then switches arm positions and does two more jabs.
a person makes "walks like an egyptian" motions with their arms.
a person stands and reaches forward with their right arm and backward with their left arm and pushes each arm in their respective directions twice. then they put their left arm forward and their right arm backward and repeat the pushing motion twice. then they return to starting position.
a person takes a large diagonal step to the right.
a person takes a step to the right
the man makes a big step to the side
a character raises their hands up to dance with somebody
the person is dancing the chacha
a man holds his right arm bent in front of him and his left arm bent off to the side, and shuffles around forward, left, right, and forward again.
a person stands with arms out to the side, drops them, then claps her hands and starts walking forward; after 4 steps she sits in a chair with her hands together.
a person claps his hands then sits down.
a man lowers his arms, claps his hands, and sits down.
person walks forward and stumbles
a person walking forward staggers to the right and then corrects their gait.
a person stumbles to the left while walking.
a person does a flurry of hand motions like they are boxing.
person is practicing boxing techniques
a man punches the air several times with each hand then lowers his arms down.
a person pitches a ball with their right hand.
a person throws hard with right hand.
person stands on platform, then makes the motion of throwing something with their right hand.
person slides to the left in a smooth motion
a person who is standing with is arms by his sides takes a long step to his left, leading with his left leg.
a figure sidesteps to the left
a person walks in a circular motion
a person paces around in a full circle and then stops.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
person walks back to sit down and pick up the landline to their ear then puts it down and gets up again
someone is walking backwards and sitting down, and then standing back up and taking a step forward.
this person steps backwards, sits then gets back up.
moving arms in and out.
a person is swimming forward while standing in water.
a person is standing, the lower body is not moving. the arms are making swimming motions
a person jabs with their right and their left over and over.
a person moves their hands out in front of them 2 times each starting with the right hand and moving to the left, this action is repeated for the duration of the video.
the person has boxing with his right arm.
a person raises both hands and places them in front of themselves
a person puts his hands together in front of him then rests them on his side
a person grabs their wrist as if to look at the time on their watch.
a person bends his left arm to eat
a figure is sitting on the ground or low to the ground with knees and arms bent
a person is squatting and raises left arm.
this person runs forward then stops.
person jogging forward at medium pace
a person runs forward for about 5 steps
figure appears to be supporting a large item
the person picks an object up before placing on their right arm and then placing back down
a person picks up a horizontal object from their front left, moves it to the right and rotates it clockwise to vertical, then returns it to the starting position.
a person walks to his left and sits down and stands back up and walks forward
person standing turns to the left and walks three steps, sits down, then gets back up again and walks to the original position
the person walks across the screen, sits down, stands up and walks back.
a person moves around his left hand.
swinging arms to side then to face.
a person lowers arms from either side and types in a code in front of him with left hand.
a person walking in a strange pattern around the room
a person walks forward, turns to the left and walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a man thatbis blue on left side and red on his right walks forwards then turns around and walks back the walks forward again and a semi circle motion.
someone walks in circles, with the right hand up
the person is walking around in a circle.
a person walks around in a circles while holding something in their hand.
the figure is comfortable with being alive in paid, still needing consumption/progress.
a person imitating a zombie
person raises left arms to head and staggers forward in pain drags  feet along the floor
a man waves twice with his left hand.
this person waves using his left arm.
the sim waves with their left hand.
a person drops to his knees holding his hands up, stands up and then drops to his hands and knees again
a man is trying to walk unsteadily, and falls.  he gets up and falls a second time.
the person looks to be attempting to walk but stumbles to its knee. the person regains it's composure by standing up on both feet and attempts to go another direction but ultimately stumbles to its knee again.
the person is drinking water turning around and putting something on the shelf.
figure appears to be getting items off of a shelf
a person walks forward and drinks water
a person hops several times on the right leg, then shuffles backwards quickly several steps, then walks forward and spreads the arms out at shoulder height.
the person is jogging backwards
obstacle courses sometimes require an athlete to run in a backwards motion.
a figure walks across the room to the lower left.
a man walks forward, turning to his right as he goes.
a person walks towards the right side.
a person walks forward and turns left to go back.
a person takes two steps, swivels on the second step, and then takes three steps in the opposite direction.
a person steps forward and makes a spin turn pivoting on left leg, and walks back.
the person is walking up a flight of stairs holding onto the railing with their right hand
a person walks upstairs while holding on to something (rail).
the person is walking upstairs holding onto the railing.
a person who seems to be shouting out
raising hands towards face.
the person is taking a picture of something.
a person runs forwards quickly.
the person is running to the right.
a person runs forward and stops.
person standing lifts left around to head height
person reaching their face with left hand
a person lifts left arm to mouth and then lowers arm.
a man wobbles while walking forward.
a man walks forward, starting with his right foot he places one in front of the other.
person carefully walks with right left first in a straight direction
a person is jogging on the spots, then runs to the right, then the left, then right, then stands still in his original position
the person jogs from side to side
this person runs back and forth as if to warm up.
a person walks forward two steps, then pivots on his left foot and does a half turn, and takes two steps, ending up in the same spot he started in.
a person walks forward two steps then turns to their left and walks forward two steps as though pacing
a person walks forward spins to his left and then walks back
a person who seems to put slippers on
a person steps forward and turns right, then shuffles around awkwardly.
a person slow pacing up a line.
a person has his left leg on a ladder and goes down and up and stops
the person is doing an exercise warm-up with their elbows bent
a person lunges forward and squats down
a person squats down and then jumps to the front of them.
the man jumps forward easily
a person standing with his arms at his sides crouches and jumps forward and lands on his feet.
a person places their hands out in front of them on something round.
a man is lifting his arms up to his shoulders and doing exercise.
a perosn slowly brings their arms down
a person is walking slowly in zigzag
the figure is hunched, their head turns back and forth searchingly as they walk forward and then turn around counterclockwise and continue walking hunched.
a person seeming to be walking over a substance back and forth slowly.
the man is moving arms and legs
person was cleaning something off of his hands and feet.
a person punches forwards with both hands and kicks forwards with both feet.
a person walking in an odd way
person walking forward in a manner that appears as if they are teying to avoid stepping on something in their path.
a person walks forward in a staggered pattern.
a person walks forward at a slow pace and stops, holding position.
a person walks down a slope diagonally to their right
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks while moving their hips up and down.
a person walks forward down a slope.
the man is sloping down
a person raises their right hand to their head, keeps it there for a couple seconds, then lowers it and quickly raises it once more.
the person puts their hand up to their mouth as if yawning.
a person standing raises right hand to mouth and puts it down
while walking forward, a person takes an extra long step with his right leg.
someone walks two short steps forward, before doing one large step over something, and then continues with two more steps forward.
the man is doing a step over gap
a person steps forward onto a structure with their arms straight out from their sides,  one foot in front of the other as if they trying to balance themselves, then they step off the structure again.
a standing person steps forward with their right foot first followed by their left foot behind the right one and with their arms extened to the side
a person who seems to be walking on a small plank trying to balance
a person walks forward slowly then stops.
a figure walks forward starting with his right leg and takes 8 steps before coming to a start
person starts walking forward with their right foot and simply walks.
a person slowly walked forward
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward at medium speed.
a person who seems to be rubbing his/her torso
a person uses their left hand to do a circular motion on their chest and upper body.
the person was rubbing his belly because he was hungry.
a person leans forward and extends their right arm, stands up and rotates their right hand in a small circle, leans forward with their right arm extended again, then stands back up.
a person touches something with his right hand.
the man reaches his right arm down then uses it to rub something in front of him.
a person is walking forward
a person steps over something low and then keeps walking forward.
a person slowly walked forward
a person raises their left hand above their head, then sets it back down.
lowering arms and then raising them.
a person raised right and after left arms
the man steps backwards as if afraid of someone.
a person is walking backwards.
a persong slowly walked backward and stopped
person pulled some thing and then kick something.
a person kicks with their right leg while swinging their left arm in front of their body.
a person kicked somethinf with right leg
a person moves his left hand over torso, then turns that hand palm up.
someone picks up a small object with their left hand, looks at it, and sets it down.
person is holding something with left arm
person standing with both feet firmly planted on the ground upper body moved very slightly
a person standing still looking around.
a person standing still, does nothing.
a person who is running jogs five steps to his right.
a person running up and to the right.
a person runs in a curve to the right.
the person hit the golf ball in a golf drive.
a man is swinging his arms to hit a golf ball.
the golfer takes a swing with his driver
person start is t, lowers arms to side, and resumes t position
quarter squat position with arms straight out, lowers arms, and then raises them out again.
person standing with legs slightly bent, arms stretched outwards, lowers both hands to both knees then both arms returns to outward position
a person walks straight backwards.
the man is walking backwards up
a person walks backwards carefully.
person squatting then raising both arms to 90 degrees
standing in place with arms on legs.
hands are placed inside the thigh as the right foot slight moves back and forth, and the arms raise upward.
the man moves to his right
a person takes a few steps towards their right while lifting a cell phone to their ear.
a man walks forward with his right hand up against his head, then takes one step backwards.
a person runs with a wide stride forward.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person jogs quickly in a straight line.
person appears to lift something with right hand then with left hand.
moving hands up and down.
a man has both arms flexed, then relaxes them, then flexes his right arm twice, then his left arm once.
the person walks and turn right and stop
a person walks in a curve to the right.
the person is walking forward and making a right turn.
a person slowly walked backwards
a person steps back in the box while stumbling a small amount left.
a person stumbles backwards a few steps
a person raises their right arm and strums with their left and looks to their right.
the person is grabbing its red arm on the bicep.
a person grabbed something with right hand and start shake with left hand
person makes oval with arms and chest and kicks with right leg.
kicking forward in place.
character winding up on left foot  to throw something
a person jumps in the air almost 270 degrees
the person does a hop and changes positions.
a person jumps in the air and spins 90 degrees.
a man lifts an object with both hands and then kicks the object with his right foot.
person grabs something then makes backwards kicking motion with right foot
a punter will practice kicking a football many times on the sideline.
person is performing jumping jacks
person is doing jumping jacks.
figure appears to be doing jumping jacks
a person uses knife to cut object.
a person walks forward, reaches for something with his right hand, rubs that thing against his left hand, replaces the object and steps two spaces backwards.
a person steps forward interacts with an item then steps back without the item
a man walks backwards with his arms stiffly at his sides.
a person takes five steps backwards starting with their left leg and finishing with their legs together.
a person takes several steps backwards.
a person walks down stairs or a steep incline.
the person slowly walks up the stairs
a person walks down a set of stairs
a person walks in a circle
a person walks in a large circle to their right.
person is walking in a clockwise circle
raising arm towards head.
the person checks their left arm as if checking the time.
the person appears to be looking at their watch
the person bend over and pick some thing up.
a peraon bends over, using the right leg to bear weight while kicking back his left leg, and picks something up with his right hand.
a person picks up something with their right hand.
a person walks around in a circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person marches forward with arms swinging side to side and knees lifted high with each step.
a person is marching towards the left.
a man walks foward, lift his legs up and and down trying to march.
a person walks forward several steps.
a person walks forward slowly.
a man walks forward, but stops halfway to his destination.
starting with its left foot the figure takes 2 steps forward, turns to the left and takes 2 more steps before coming to a stop on the 3rd step on the left foot.
a person standing up, walks forward, then smoothly walks in a left handed curve in trajectory, then they stop walking and stand in one place.
a person walks forward then turns left, then continues to walk forward.
a person wwalked by making the circle
a person is holding their right arm to their head and then returns it back to side several times while walking in clockwise circle.
a man steps forward holding an object to his head with his right hand.
a person puts their hands together getting ready to throw somthing.
a person takes a step back, shakes his right arm, then steps forward and shakes his arm again
a person takes a step back and brings their hands together in front of their body, then uses their right hand in a somewhat waving motion, takes a step forward, and repeat the hands movements.
person moves arms out to side, lifts them above head bent at elbow, and squats down.
a person raises both arms to their sides and squats legs while raising hands over their head.
raising arms up and down then squatting.
puts picks something up and then puts it back down
moving hands around near chest.
a person reaches forward to the left slightly before raising their right arm to their left shoulder and bending forward again.
a figure gets down on all fours then raises its chest
a person gets on all fours then to their knees.
person gets down on all fours
the person walked forward and leaned over the table.
person walks forward, leans on table and reaches up for an item
a person leans forward on their left leg while reaching forward with their right arm, then stands back up.
person is walking forward, stumbles back, continues forward
the person walks forward a few steps, stops, pushes back a few steps and then walks forward.
a person takes three steps forward, then takes two steps back, then five steps forward.
the worker uses their arms to guide the airplane
a person waves both hands at their side several times.
a man with both of his hands raised waves them then puts them at his side
a person walks forward with hands at their sides
a person casually walks forwards
person appears to walk forward.
a person jumps up and down.
a person squats down and then quickly makes a small jump straight up.
a person jumps on the spot.
a figure drinks from a cup.
the man moves things with his left hand then raises both arms straight out.
a man doing something with his left hand and constantly and then proceeds to stand in a t pose
a person takes a step backwards to the right.
the person is backing up from being hit.
a person stands still and then takes one step back and to the right
a person is squating and alternates raising his left and right arms up over his head.
a person squats while raising their arms up and down above their head.
the sim appears to be turning a steering wheel.
a person slowlt walked downstairs
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward down the stairs.
the person is acting like a human snake.
a man has his hands together and moves then from back and forth several times.
a person grabed the rigth hand, and showed something
person is running in place and then stands still
person is jogging in place.
a man is running in place.
a person starts walking forward and then begins to run.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward, spins left until he is facing the opposite direction, and then he walks back.
a person walks and turns around.
a person walking forward and turns around and walks back
a person runs forward stops abruptly and continues running.
a person runs stops and tries to run again
the person was running and made a quick stop.
a person standing still for three seconds then steps out with right leg followed by the left leg.
a man stands completely still for several seconds then takes one side step to the right.
a person stands there and then slides to the left.
person lifts arms shoulder length then  jumps and goes up some steps
a man jumps and then walks up several steps.
a person slowly walks backwards.
a person rotates while jumping and  walks back to their starting position.
a person jumps in the air and turns around.
person stands strong  bends and spins around in a circle before returning off balance in a a standing position
a person is doing jumping jacks.
the sim is doing jumping jacks.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks in a snake like pattern
a person walks, curving first leftward, then rightward, then to their left again.
a person walks in a random pattern.
a person walks forward, kneels down to pick something up and place it on a slightly higher position, before turning around and walking back.
a person slowly walked forward and after garbbed something
person walks forward, picks something up, puts it down slightly above where it was, then walks back.
a person throws something with right arm, leaves right arm up.
a person throws with the right arm.
a person underhand throws something with their right hand.
the person is jumping forward.
a person jumps forward using hands for more power.
a person makes a forward jump.
a person sitting down at first then proceeds to get up and walk to their left and stands still with their arms out in a t position
a figure bounces their knees while sat down, stands and raises arms
this person swats with knees bent then stands and moves left.
standing person claps hands then arms go down to their sides.
a standing person claps her hands.
a man claps politely with his arms held at belly level, before letting them drop to his sides.
person is making circular movements with both arms
a person pretends to swim
the person who’s arms were straight out put them down and is doing arm circles.
the man walked forward 3 steps.
a person is walking fast towards something
someone walks forwards, their arms swinging slightly.
a person jobs forward before coming to a stop
a person casually jogs forward.
a person is jogging straight forward.
a person walks around in a wavy/s pattern
a person, slowly walked forward in right and after left direction
the person is walking in an s shape.
the person is pacing back-and-forth.
a man walks to one side and then the other side before returning to the middle.
someone paces back and forth, right to left while adjusting their hands.
a person walking down in a straight line
a man walks forward and comes to a stop.
a person walking forward in a straight line.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person waves to the viewer with their right hand.
a man waves with his right hand twice.
a person does two small bunny hops.
the person jumps in the air two times
jumping up and down in place.
a man raises his right hand and waves.
a person gives a big wave with their right arm.
a person waves his right hand.
he is balancing himself on his left foot.
this person balances on the left leg.
a person is balancing on one leg and swinging the other around
a man moves something from one spot to another.
walking forward and moving hand forward.
a person walks forward, picks up something with their right hand and then puts it down further to the left.
a person jogging from left to right.
a person turns and runs to the right, then turns around and runs to the left
a person runs to the right turns around and runs to the left, turns around and runs to the right
a person slowly jumped forward
a person stands with arms swaying, jumps forward, and stands still.
this person jumps forward from a standing position.
a person walks towards the right.
a person walks forward and to the left and stops.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
the man is waving happily
waving good bye to family or friends.
a person waves with their right arm
figure runs in place crouches and walks in crouch.
person does a couple high-knees in place then proceeds to bend down and walk straight
a figure jogs in place then crouches down and walks forward in a crouched position
a person jumps and spins backwards.
a person raises his arms twice and gets momentum to jump and turn towards the back,
person jumps and lands in a 180
as standing person leans to their left side pusing their right arm up in front of them
a man has both of his arms held up and bent around shoulder length, before he throws something with his right hand over his head.
a person steps to the left with their left foot and thrusts their right arm overhead as they lean to the left.
this person is jogging in place.
the man jogs in place.
a figure sprints before slowing down.
a person lifts their left arm up and sweeps it over their head, returning it back down at their side.
someone uses their left arm to wave.
a person reaches their left arm up in a clockwise motion and drops it to their side.
the person jumped  2  steps  forward.
the man is making 2 jumps
person jumps forward and to the right two times.
person takes two smalls step up then down the two bigger steps up.
this person steps as if walking down stairs.
the individual steps forward onto a surface then transfers over to stairs, going upward.
a man crawls forward on his stomach.
this person crawls on all fours with belly close to the ground.
the person is doing a military crawl across the floor
a person moves around in a random fashion, trying to dodge something.
person is jumping around like he was in an accident.
a figure nearly falls then gets up, reeling, drunken seeming as though they're being hit by things
a person squats to almost parallel then jumps to the horizontally to the left.
a person jumps sideways to his left side.
the person hopped a big step to the left.
the person jumps a few times and then does three jumping jacks.
a person hops up and down and slightly to the left a few times, then completes several jumping jacks.
msn quickly does jumping jacks
the man is moving his body and making moves
the person is going to give someone his upper right.
a man clasps his hands together and then throws an object with his right hand.
a person slowly walked forward and return
a person takes two steps starting with their left foot, pivots 180 degrees on their right foot, and then takes two steps starting with their left foot.
walking forward and then back.
the man drops to his hands and knees and crawls across the area and stands back up.
a person gets down on their hands and knees, crawls forward, and then stands back up.
a person gets down on his hands and knees and crawls diagonally across the floor before standing up.
the person is walking forward and turning left.
the man walks to the left
the man walked forward and made a wide left turn.
a person with both feet on the ground with both knees bended moving from one side to another, trying to hide or something
the person sits on the floor with their hands near their face.
the person is kneeling down and looks like he's hiding.
the person is walking straight forward.
person slowly takes seven steps forward
a person walks in a straight line
person took a medium hop forward.
jump forward on the floor.
person hops forward on two feet
someone is pulling back, while standing on one foot.
a person leans back as if to throw a ball, lifting his left leg in the process.
bending back and punching the air.
a person stepping sideways over something
a person takes a large step to their right.
a figure takes one long side-step to the right over an object.
a figure seems to be either stretching above their head or cheering / accepting praise from a crowd
the man stretches and throws his elbows back.
a person stretches out his shoulders by reaching his arms up and back
the person is facing forward but backing up holding onto a rail.
a person raises their arm slightly, then starts to walk up something.
a person walks up with their right hand around someone.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides turns to his left and walks thee steps, does a 180 degree turn, walks five steps in the other direction, does another 180 degree turn and walk to the center and stops.
a person paces back and forth from left to right with their hanging down.
a person turns the left then walks straight, the turn around and walks straight.
jumps up high with both feet and to the right side lands back down.
a person does a jump in the air.
a person jumps and rotates to the left.
a person raises their arms straight forwards and then raises them again to the side
a person slowly lifts both arms in front, then back down to its side. after a pause lifts both arms to the side.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms straight out in front, lowers his arms to his original position, then raises his arms to his sides at shoulder height.
a person grabbed something with both hands, and hit something
swinging golf club slowly.
a person clasps their hands and swings them from left to right
a man steps forward and picks something off the ground.
a person picks something up with their right hand.
this person bends over and grabs something.
a figure appears to climb stairs
a person walks up some stairs and stops at the top.
a person walks up stairs.
a person waves both arms and hands as if to signal to someone, "here i am."
the man is waving both arms
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides raises both of his hands shoulder high, waves his hands once and then returns his arms to his sides.
a person lifts and bends their right leg/knee, then sweeps the leg in a clockwise motion back to the starting position, then repeats that process once more.
man lifts up his right leg and bends his knee while lifting his leg up in the air and kick his leg behind him in a circular motion. the man repeats this motion.
person stands still then kicks out their right leg to side then to back
the sim runs down the plane.
a person is stood still and then lightly jogs forward
a person jogs forward a few steps
person trips forwards but regains balance
the person was standing and was pushed.
a person stumbles forward .
perseon starts standing then sqauts toward ground and jumps high, repeated twice.
a person is squatting down, jumping into the air, and landing on the ground and breaking it.
a person squats and jumps two times.
a person is on his knees and stands up using his right hand as support on the floor
a person gets up from their knees and takes a step back.
getting up using your right hand then taking a moment to balance yourself
a person takes a step forward.
a person stands still for about 4 seconds then steps forward and stands with feet splayed.
a man stands still, then takes a sudden small step forward, then continues standing still.
running forward and kicking.
person is engaged in a kickboxing fight.
the person is punching something with his foot.
person squats all the way to the ground, then leaps up all the way, raising both hands above the head.
a person jumps in the air and smacks their hands together
person bends down and does a jumping jack
a person who has his hands by his sides steps forward, then rushes a few steps, recovers, takes more steps and stops.
the person was pushed but did not fall.
person walks forward while slightly stumbling on one of the steps
a person brings both hands to their chest, then pushes them outwards twice.
a person sweeps both hands twice, outward from the chest to the sides.
a person acts as if they are swimming with their arms.
a person is throwing a basketball with both hands.
a person who is standing with his hands above his head, bends his legs at his knees, jumps up and throws his hands high in the air.
shooting a basketball while standing.
this person stands then bounces up and down.
a person hopping with both his legs
the person is hopping lightly.
a person raises both hands in the air.
a person with their arms spread, bent at the elbow, raises their hands straight up and down
a person aggresively lifts weights above their head.
person pick something up and tilted it to the right.
figure checks arm then moves arms forward like moving a package.
a person grabs something with both hands, places it upright, then puts it down.
a figure bends at the waist and makes a motion with the arms as if lifting something slightly and passing it from one side to the other.
a person is moving something with his hands.
a person picks something up on their left and moves it right.
a person walks forward and sits on a stool.
a person squats down and sits on something.
the person takes a few steps and then crouches
a figure checks the time on their watch
a person looks at their left wrist and then puts their hand back down.
a person raised the left hand
the figure has bent knees with legs apart and arms up my their side, the left one falls to the left side, stays their and then goes back up for both arms to fall.
the person put his left arm  out and then put his right arm out.
a person lowers their left arm and then raises back up the same as the right.
person doing dumbbell lifting exercise
a person piking up the phone
a person twists to the right and picks something up with their right hand.
the person is doing a pectoral warm up.
person is warming up the chest muscles
a figure seems to be slowly, jauntily clapping
a person walks forward, spins right, and walks back.
the rig walks forward then turns around and continues walking before stopping where he started
person takes two steps forward, spins on heels, and takes two steps back to starting point.
someone is walking forward and they get pushed from their right.
a person steps forward, takes a sliding step to the left while waving their arms, then takes a step to the right.
a person walks and tumbles to his left.
a person grabs left foot with left hand, then extends the leg by its head.
a man stands and lifts his left foot using his left hand and then stretches it straight off the ground.
the person is doing a ballet pose
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
person walks firmly anti clockwise
walking in a circle.
a figure sways back and forth with his legs apart and arms partly out from his sides.
a person is balancing side to side
the person maintains balance on the beam
person puts their hands up to shoulder length with elbows bent then repeats three times
the man makes gesture with both arms
moving arms up and down.
a person grabbed something and moved backwards
a person grabs something with their hands and takes a sideways step to the left.
the person is holding something in its hands and moves back a bit.
person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person walks forward looking quite grumpy or lazy.
a person slowly walked forward
a person balances along a beam
a person walks straightforward, one foot in front of the other, like they are on a tight rope
this person walks a straight line with arms extended out to the sides.
a person is doing a side step.
this person steps back as if to fight.
moving hands around near chest.
the person is left in both of his feet up and down.
a person swings their right leg and then swings their left leg.
a person kicks their right leg out while raising their left arm, then kicks their left leg out.
a person is walking forward, turns around and then sits.
person walks forward, turns around, sit downs, gets up and walks back
a man walks over , sits down , then walks back.
a man salsa dancing alone.
a waltzer dances with themself.
a person moves forward and backward rhythmically, while moving arms and hips rhythmically as well.
a person brings back their right arm a few times and then brings it forward as if throwing something, putting their whole body into it.
person holds a ball then swings back to through with right hand, holds the ball again then throws and follows through with right hand.
a person throws something with their right hand before stumbling.
a person doing front kicks starting with left leg.
a person prepares themself and then kicks forward three times.
a person performs a right front kick, left front kick, and another right front kick while moving diagonally to his left.
a peson steps backwards from their left to right to avoid something.
the person is recovering from being pushed.
a person steps backwards to the right.
shaking the hands some thing on the hands.
person waves hands and arms in side out in front of them then right arm in front and then arms moving front to back
a person is doing the signals of a basketball referee.
a person goes from a sitting position to a standing position
a person gets up from a squatting position
a person gets up from a chair while holding something with both hands.
the person slightly stumbles backwards
a person stumbles backwards a few steps
a person is shoved backwards.
a person lifts their right arm and gestures/points across their body halfway to the left.
a person points with their right arm to the left.
a person swings his right across his body to shoulder level and back to his side.
a person wlowaly walked forward iin right direction, while balancing
a person is walking forward whilst both his arms are extended outwards trying to balance
a person turns slightly to the right, then walks a few steps with arms outstretched to either side, wobbling slightly as he walks.
a person is standing, begins to walk with difficulty stops
a person walks and slightly stumbles forward.
a person walking forward appears to be pushed from behind.
a person balances on his left foot with arms outstretched. he swings his right foot from the side to the front of his body.
a person raised the right leg and both hands while balancing
person slowly moves right leg forward and holds pose with arms stretched at the side.
a person can relieve pressure from their back by sitting down in a chair.
the man sits down on the chair
person puts arms to the side, sits down and motions some one forward with right hand
a person walks forward and then up stairs.
person walks on flat ground for four paces them walks up four steps in stairs
a man walks slowly forward, then climbs a few stairs, before stopping in a standing position.
a figure is laying on the ground then rolls into a sit, then into being on all fours, then to standing
person slowly gets up from the floor
a person lying on the floor gets on their knees, then gets up.
the person is walking forward and a medium speed.
slow walk forward then stopping
a person walks casually forward.
a person jumps from ground and then squats, then does another jumping squat.
a person is jumping in the air.
a person bounces, jumping up and down.
person picks up bottle, opens it, and sets it on table
a person picking something up.
the person takes a quick puff off of the cigarette
crouching and then running diagonally.
a person kneeled to the ground starts sprinting in a diagonal line
a person starts running from a crouched position.
a person walks quickly sideways leading with right leg.
the character is crouching down and shuffling.
a person is running to the left
the person is clapping his hands.
a person claps their hands slowly and then drops their hands down.
a person claps their hands.
a person walks forward and trips on something.
this person walks forward then trips slightly.
a person stumbles as they step forward.
a person slowly waves his right hand.
a person lifts a weight with the right arm.
a person is using his left hand to lift up a weight and then bring it down a bit and then bring it back up.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks.
the figure completes three jumping jacks while facing the viewer.
swaying back-and-forth with their arms out.
a person walks forward with each arm extended at their sides as if they are trying to balance themselves.
a person walks forward while balancing with their arms out.
the person was running forward.
a person is running forward.
person from a standing position runs forward very quickly
man runs backwards and then stops and stands
the person was facing forward for jogging backwards.
a person is jogging backwards and then stops.
a person walks forward two steps turns on right foot and walks back two steps.
a person walks forward slowly, turns around and walks back.
a person takes  a few steps forward, turns around towards his right, and walks.
the person brings their hands up in front of them as if opening something, and then ends in a t-pose.
a person raised the noth hand and pull it down
a person looks to get hung by their hands and then be lifted up.
a person is walking sideways with their arms out and hunched down.
a person is sheltering a child from harm
a man side steps carefully away with his arms held outstretched as if to be protecting or sheilding someone
person makes action of stuffing something into an object, bends over to put the object down before walking forward to bend over and pick up another object and place it a little bit to the left and then returns to original spot.
a person is scrubbing something with his right hand, left hand sets it down, he walks out and picks up something with his right hand and moves backward.
a person rubs their hand and then walks over and sets down an object.
a person runs forward, dives to the ground, and rolls forward.
a person runs forwards, leans forward, and rolls. the person then proceeds to run forwards.
person runs and does summer salt, gets up and starts running again
person checking the time on his right wrist
the man is looking at his watch on his right wrist
a person raises their right hand then places it back down.
a person hitting of a high surface
a person reaches above his head and alternatively bangs on something with both hands.
a person reaches for something with both hands and bangs on it.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms above his head and waves his arms above his head two times before dropping his arms down to his sides.
a man uses both arms to to wave above his head to draw attention to himself.
a person waves their arms back and fourth above their head.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person heavily walks forwards.
person is walking sideways to the left.
a person moves to the left as if in a confined space (moving their legs side by side)
a man side steps left then side steps back to the right.
a person is standing stationary and claps.
a man claps his hands rapidly.
a man is standing upright and puts both hands together and rubs them several times and then puts his arms down.
a man stands still for two seconds.
a person takes a small step forward with their right foot, while their arms swing gently by their sides.
the right leg move forward and stops on the ground next to the left leg.
a person slowly walked forward
walking forward slowly left to right.
the person is walking forward and wide steps.
person is running forward quickly.
a character briskly jogs towards the camera for a second arms swinging by their side.
a person jogs forward a bit
a person circles his arms while raising his shoulders up and down.
peron rotates arms in front of body at the shoulder.
a person rolls their shoulders.
moving the hands and stay stand.
a figure plays the guitar
he ran his fingers over the guitar strings one time.
a person steps up onto something long, walks across it, then steps down on the other side
person steps on platform and walks forward
a man steps up to elevated surface and then steps down
a person walks slowly forward while holding on to handrails.
a person holds on to something while carefully walking.
a person takes very slow steps forward, both of their arms holding onto something at either side for support.
a person appears to be looking through binoculars looking for something
someone holding something and blowing into it with their mouth
a individual is covering their face swaying back and forth before resting their arms at their sides.
a peron walks forward before coming to a stop
a man carefully and slowly walks forwards.
a man walks in a forward motion. as he saunters to me.
a person is pushed backwards slightly
a person being pushed backwards and trying to recover
a person moves  backward with his right leg and raises his left hand up
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks backwards several steps.
this person stumbles left to right then to the left again.
the person was pushed from the left side.
a person walks to their front and then jumps to the right.
a person quickly walks forward.
the person is walking very fast.
a person is walking forwards fast
the person faced forward and curtsied.
a person slightly swing the hands
a man shrugs his shoulders then raises his arms and then lowers then back down.
a person walks in a straight line, turns around, and walks back towards their starting postion.
the person is walking straight in a diagonal line
a person walks in a straight line and then back
raising hands to face.
person is trying to focus someone in its camera.
a man bends his arms to touch an object in front of him.
a person reaches up and then down with his right hand.
person puts something on top shelf
raise right hand above head
a figure raises a weight in front of themself.
a person reaches his right arm straight forward
a person raises and then lowers their right hand.
person making disco motion with hands
a stick figure person rolls their hands around and crouches, leaning toward the right. they then stand and move in a twisting motion resembling a stretch
a person rolls their fists together while squating multiple times.
crossing arms over chest.
a man crosses his arms, then puts them at his side.
a person crosses his arms across his chest
a person walks from the upper left hand side of a rectangle to the lower right hand side of the rectangle.
person walks forward and to the left
the person is walking forward and turns left.
a person turns around and walks forward to the other end while leaning a bit from side to side and then turns around again.
a man stands on the ground, turns half way around counter-clockwise walks away 8 steps and turns back around.
a person turns counter clockwise and walks backward, then turns clockwise and stops.
moving forward on left  side .
a person walks up towards the left.
a person takes 4 steps turning 90 degrees to the left.
the man raises his right hand to hit something.
moving the right hand and give hifi like that.
a person does a high five with their right hand.
a person raised the right hand
the man raises his right hand a nd waves.
the person is waving with his right hand.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides spreads his arms as he walks along a balance beam, then drops his arms and stops.
a man raises both his left and right hands as he walks forward.
walking over a balance beam.
the person just sat down.
a person bends and sits down.
a person sits down on something
a well built man calmly walks in a semi-circular fashion to his left.
stick figure moved in a counter clockwise motion
a person is standing and walking to their left.
a person walks forward, slightly to the left of center.
a person takes five steps forward.
a person walks and stops.
walking forward and kicking heels.
a person is walking down stairs.
a man steps backwards down stairs.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides steps forward and uses his right hand to brace his body as he continues forward.
a man walks and puts his right hand on something for support.
a person slowly walked forward
the person did hop hop backwards.
a person jumps in place, pauses, and then jogs forward.
someone jumps up, then takes two running steps and stands
a person walks around and struts their stuff
a man walks forward, his feet crossing each other as he goes.
person walks up and down hands on hips and feet going in straight line with each other
a person lifts their arms and legs and moves forward in various ballet positions.
the person is dancing by skipping ahead and lifting its left foot to its right knee then continuing on by skipping forward and lifting its right leg up and behind to simulate flying.
a person is making forward motions with incorporated dance moves
a person does a 360 jump turn anticlockwise
a person twirls in the air.
a person jumps from a standstill and does a 360 spin
figure does a quick small jump and then walks fowardsd and then stops.
a person stands with their arms out at the sides, jumps up one time, then walks forward
a person slowly walked forward
a person quickly steps back and to his left.
person was pushed but did not fall.
a figure stumbled backwards sloppily
this person appears to open a door then walks forward.
a person walks down stairs while using their left arm  to balance them.
the person is walking downstairs.
the person walked four steps forward.
a person walks forward from one end to the other while slightly leans left.
a man with his arms to his sides takes four steps forward and stops.
this person dribbles with his right hand and shoots.
he throws something very high
a person dribbles ball then shoots it in the basket.
a person does a jumping jack three times.
a person does jumping jacks.
a induvial is doing jumping jacks.
a person standing scratches his head with his right hand and then lowers his hand back down.
the being feels gas within its hearing sense of its sun, then returns to its current position.
a person scratches head with right hand.
a man moves back and forth in semi-circles with arms moving at his sides.
a person walking backwards in a crescent pattern
a person walks side to side in a half circle path.
a person is walking forwards
walking forward and then stopping.
the man walks in a straight line forward for a few steps then stops.
a person walks towards the camera and then pivots on their left foot to go towards the back.
the person walks forward, turns to their right, and walks back.
walks forward in the opposite direction of camera.
a person briskly jogs back and forth before standing still
a person jogs in place in the center of a room. they turn and jog to the edge of the room, then turn around and jog to the opposite side of the room. finally, they jog back to the center of the room.
a person jogs back and forth.
this person is dragging something heavy.
a person grips their left leg and staggers as if hurt.
a person grasps at their left leg and drags it with them as they move in a small, counter-clockwise circle.
a person walks to the left, sits down on an object, then stands up again.
this person walks over to the right to sit then gets up and walks to the left.
a person turns and steps to his right, sits down on something, then stands up and returns to their original position.
a person slowly leans back to the right with raised arms and bent elbows
the person is boxing upwards.
moving hands up near face.
a figure walks to the right then to the left while talking on the phone
the man paces while talking on the cell phone.
a person walks to the right, the left, and back to the center while holding the right hand up against the head.
walking in a zig zag pattern.
a person side-steps to the right for a few steps, then side steps to the left for a couple of steps, then goes right and left, then walks to the right.
walking in a zig zag pattern almost like the person is dancing
a person holds their arms out in a circle and moved in clockwise circles.
a man dances around in a circle pattern.
a person dances around a circle.
someone takes steps forward in a unsteady line and then continues to move legs as their shoulders also move.
walking and then  took 3 steps of staires
the figure walks forward and appears to be wiping it's feet off
a person walks forward and then slows down.
a person walks at a moderate pace then takes 1 step slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
person looks like they're brushing teeth and proceed to rinse with water
a person makes a shaking motion in front of their face with their right hand and then makes the motion of picking up an object and taking a drink with their right hand.
the person was walking forward slowly.
a person walks forward with a slight limp.
the sim is walking down the plane at normal rate of speed.
a person shaked the hand and moved a little bit
the person his posing slowly to the right.
the person shifts to heir right and left.
the figure does circles with his arms stops and then raises his hands parallel to the floor.
a person makes circles with its arms.
a person moves both of their hands in circles.
a person joyfully shimmies and steps to the front right.
a person walks a few steps in one direction while bopping to a rhythm, then walks backwards, still bopping, and incorporates a couple of spins along the way.
the man walks forward in spins with arms to the side appearing to dance he then turns 180 degrees and walks backwards.
a person that spins and then runs
a person spins once completely around as he moves forward.
the figure transitions smoothly from walking backwards to walking forwards at a jogging pace.
swinging body in a circular motion.
a person standing up rotating shoulders in a clockwise circle and then rotating hips in a clockwise circle .
a person rotates their head in a clockwise pattern and then gyrates their hips in the same clockwise pattern.
a person waves with their right hand.
a left red hand waved.
a person uses their right arm to wave to the neighbor
a person starts walking, puts both hands sideways while walking and puts hands down and stops walking.
a person walks forward as if on a tightrope with arms stretched out to the side, then stop and return to neutral position.
a person carefully walks forward with arms out at their sides.
a person bounces a ball with right hand.
a person makes a vertical waving motion with their right arm
the person bounces up and down twice while holding their left hand in front of them.
a person stands slightly bent over with both it's right and left arms connected in the center of their body. the figure then sways its connected hands from left to right slowly.
person lightly taps a golf ball with his golf club
a person grabs his wrist and practices a putt.
the person steps to the right and looks down. they step forward on their left leg and cross their legs. they sit down cross legged and get up with their hands.
a person steps to the left, sits on the floor then stands back up again
a person sits down cross legged.
a person comes towards the camera seemingly flipping a coin in their left hand.
a man walks forward while swinging his left arm.
a person walks forward swinging their left arm up and down.
a person stands still for a second and then takes a step back with their right foot.
a person stumbles backwards a few steps
moving backwards slowly once.
a person standing up leans forward slightly to the left and begins to sweep back and forth with their right hand above their left, then they lean slightly forwards to the right and sweep back and forth with their left hand above their right.
a person sweeps the floor.
person is standing still but sweeping with an object from side to side
person walks backwards quickly, then stops.
a person stands and then walks backwards.
a person walks backwards a few steps
the person in the scratching his head with his right hand.
this person reaches up to scratch his head.
a person who seems to be drinking something
a person takes a step forward and grips something with his hands as he climbs on it, then he stops and clasps his hands to his heart.
the person put his hands down to his side and then climbed up the ladder and reached for something.
a person climbs three steps onto a step ladder, reaches out with their left hand to grab something that has been handed to them, and then grasps it with both hands on front of their body.
a man uses his right arm to brace as he sits down on the ground and crosses his legs, then stands back up.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, and then gets up.
a man gets down on the ground holding himself up with one arm then stands up.
a person balances on their left leg.
a standing person suddenly starts balancing on their left leg.
a person bends at their hips to the right side.
a person runs fast diagonal.
someone runs forward quickly, swinging their arms back and forth in front of them.
the person runs in a straight line at a 45 degree angle to their left.
person walks six steps to side with right arm up
a person walks forward and makes a waving motion with his right arm before walking off to his right.
the person is walking over the clean floor.
the person is singing in the rain.
a man is heel tapping in mid air.
a person touches their face then runs forwards and does two heel clicks. then turns around and does two running heel clicks back to where he started.
the person is running in place.
a man is running around in different directions.
a person performs a jogging motion
a man swings a golf club and hits the ball
a person swings a golf club hard.
a man swings a gulf club.
stick figure stands still before walking forward in a diagonal direction
a man walks in a diagonal line, towards the left side of his body
a person walks forward fast.
the person is walking around making turns.
a person walks forward, turns around counter-clockwise, walks a short distance, turns back around and returns to their starting position.
walking forward and then back.
the person was picking something very large up and tilting it.
a person is lifting something very heavy.
this person lifts as if the item is very heavy.
a man uses both arms to make jabbing motions at the ground as though vacuuming, taking slow and staggered steps, before raising to a standing position.
person moves diagonally forward in a sweeping or shoveling motion.
man shovel's to the right.
a person raised the hands and pull it down
a person start action with both of his hands at equal level as his shoulders puts them down and then lifts something
person crosses right arm to left shoulder then places hands in from of them, then drops hands, raises them again in a pulling motion.
a person walks forward five steps and then stops.
a person walks forward very boldly
the person is walking forward.
walking forward and then throwing something.
the man moves forward slowly
a man takes a step forward and throws something with the right arm, then stands in a neutral position.
the sim appears to be adjusting a watch that is placed on their right wrist.
a person touhes their right arms twice with their left hand.
the person is touching his right arm with his left hand.
a person takes two steps forward
the person takes one strong step forward
a person takes a single step forward.
a person walks forward normally
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person walking in a curved line
a person waves with little enthusiasm.
waving hand while standing.
a person raises their hand and waves
the person was missing something with his right hand.
a person washes right arm.
the person is moving his hands around.
person walking in circular motion bent down
a person bent slightly forward at the waist takes large, slow steps in a circle to their left.
the body slightly crouch forward, walking sneakily around in a circle.
a person jumps in the air while simultaneously turning to the left, and lands facing the person's left.
a man jumps and turns to the right.
a person jumps with both feet and turns counter clockwise before landing.
the person is drinking out of a bottle with his left hand.
a man holds his arms at chest level and moves them slightly, then stretches his left arm up over his head while lowering his right, before returning his arms to chest level.
a person unscrews a lid to a bottle with their right hand, then drinks from the bottle with their left hand, and rescrews the lid on the bottle with their right hand.
a man claps his hands for a few seconds, and then lowers his arms.
a person stands still, brings hand to chest level and claps.
a person clapping their hands
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person does 3 jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person stretches toward their let with their right arm.
a man stands with his right arm up in the air and pivots to his side as if stretching.
a person holds their slightly bent arm over their head, waves down slightly, and then waves back up.
a person checks what time it is on their watch.
a person looks at their watch and checks the time.
a person holding their left chest with their right arm
a person throws something with their right hand then kicks with their right foot before catching the object with both hands
a person drops something, kicks it, and catches something.
the person holds an object in their right hand then object is dropped and kicked up by the person who then catches the object with both hands.
a person standing and stretching his arms forward and side ways.
a person puts both arms forward.
a person puts their arms out in front of them, brings them down and then up and out to the sides.
the person is walking around holding onto a handrail.
a person walks with their hands on a rail.
a person walks forward at a slow pace while using both hands to steady themselves.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a figure does jumping jacks
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person catches a ball, pitches it, jumps up and catches it again.
a person throws something overhand, and then catches an object being thrown to them
the man throws a ball with his right hand then catches it.
person walks up the stairs
the man walks up 4 stairs.
a person walks up some stairs.
a person hops into the air one time and then stops.
a person jumps up with both feet, then lands and takes one step back with left foot.
a person slowly jumped forward
a person raises their right hand to their chest.
the person puts their right hand near their face for a few moments, then down by their side, and then by their face once more.
person grabbing his neck several times
a hunched person drags something around the floor with both hands.
a person limps back and forth, dragging their right leg with their hands.
a man iss walking around whilst holding his right leg with both his hands
a person walks forward, leans over and steps back.
a person takes steps forward, squats, reaches out with their right hand, pulls with their right hand, stands up, and walks backwards to where they started.
figure moves forward puts hand outward before backing up.
a person walks to the right turns around walk to the left then walks back to the middle.
a person pacing back and forth.
a person turns to their right and takes a few steps forward, then the turn around and walk in the opposite direction, then then turn around and walk in the opposite direction again and end up back in the original spot.
person is sitting reading a newspaper.
a man is seated and picks up an object with his left hand.
a person who is sitting takes his phone out of his left pocket with his left hand and presses the keys with his right fingers.
a person walks forward, then swings their left leg around as they turn around and walk back to their original position.
a person walks in a figure eight type motion. they walk forward and then take a slight circle and walk back.
a person walks forward two steps, swivels on one foot, and walks two steps back to where they started.
a person is making signals with both his hands
a person raised the hands and made something
someone does a timeout gesture with their hands, and then rotates their hands in a circular motion.
a man walks in a line.
a man walks in a wide arc to his left.
a person walks down and stops to the left.
the man runs back wards
the person is running backwards quickly.
a person jogs backwards, diagonally.
a man holds his arms close to his head in a sitting position.
the person was sitting down eating a hamburger.
a person sitting down and eating something
the person is doing a dance like a ballerina
a person jumps from side to side with both arms out at shoulder height.
a person is ballet dancing and jumping left and right.
man stumbles to his right
a person suddenly steps to their right as if pushed by something.
a person stands still, then takes a sideways step to the left.
a person brings their right hand to their face.
person stands in a squat, then has right hand raised and makes little circles with that raised hand.
a driving person reaches to their face with their right hand.
this person is shaking his hand with his right hand.
user picks up right hand and tips hand to the side
a person picks up a bottle with his right hand, shakes it, then pours it centrally
a man walks to the left side,takes a sitting pose and then stands up and walks back again.
walking in a diagonal line then sitting.
a person turns to their left, walks forward a little bit, sits in a chair, stands back up, then walks back.
a person punches out with each hand.
a person throws an overhand right , left-hook, combination punch.
she was boxing with her right arm
the man walked up to the door and knocked on it.
person walks forward and lifts right hand to point in front  of them
a person walks forward and knocks on a door.
this person steps right and left in a circle.
a person walks sideways in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
using both hands held out in front of his body , a person stretches to the left and then the right.
this person stretches both arms out front.
a person stretches out their arms.
a person walks forward, barely drifting to their right, before stopping.
a man walks forward with arms loosely at his sides.
a person walks forward lightly swaying and then stops.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
the man takes 2 steps forward , swings around and walks back.
a man steps forward, swings his leg, and turns all the way around.
the person is creeping across the floor in their hands.
a person leaned on the florr and start walking
the man is crawling around
a person throws away a box.
the man has a cast box
a person throws something forward with both hands.
a person kneels down while holding onto a stool
a man kneels to the ground one leg at a time starting with the right leg
a person uses their right arm to get support on something while kneeling down.
the man sits on the floor, crosses his legs then stands up.
the person sat down on the ground and cross their legs.
a person sits down cross legged and stands back up.
a person raises their arms above their head and then stretches back and forth and side to side.
a person is twisting around and stretching his body.
a person is raising his hands above the head and stretches and then touches his toes.
someone is doing jumping jacks in slow motion.
person appears to be doing jumping jacks.
a person jumps with their hands above their head.
a person picking something from his left side and transferring to his right side
person picks someting up with both hands then holds it to the right then puts it down.
a person moves object from left to right and turns it on its side.
a man walks in a s pattern before stopping.
the person is walking back-and-forth in an s figure.
the sim is walking in a looping fashion from left to right before stopping at the opposite end of the plane towards the center.
a person who seems to be imitating a chicken
a person bends over at the hips and walks forward while keeping their arms at their side.
the person is walking like a chicken.
a person takes a step forward before pivoting on their left foot to make a sharp turn back.
a man walks forwards then back.
the person walked forward and then did a left turn to other direction.
a person recovering from a push to the right
a person staggers to their left, crossing their feet in the process.
a person being pulled to their left.
a person is doing star jumps
this person does jumping jacks several times.
doing jumping jacks in place.
a person gets down on their knees.
a person raises his/her arms side ways and the steps forward to kneel down.
a man raises his arms from his side to outstretched to either side, lowers them, then steps forward onto his knees, arms held away from his sides.
a person sits and holds both hands to their mouth, eating something.
a person squatting down moves his arms slightly
moving hands near face while sitting.
a person jumps very high and steps forward making little kicks, then stands with right arm in the air.
a person jumps, walks side to side and reaches their right arm out.
a man jumps fwd then steps foward and to the left then right left and right again and snaps his right arm out
a man holds his head with his left hand and holds his right hand in front of his face while turning at his waist.
a person moves their hands slightly over their head and rotates, as if adjusting a mechanism.
the person is washing their hair with shampoo.
a person walks diagonally and raises arms in a t pose and seems to be balancing on a wide beam. then stops and drops arms to side.
a person with their arms out from their sides, walks to the left trying to balance.
a person walks forward slowly making large strides, with both arms outstretched to their sides for balance.
a person leans to his left while moving his right arm over his head to his left.
person is standing and stretching their abdominal
the person is doing an upper body warm up and leaning to the left.
person picks something up and moves it to a shelf
a person picks up an item with both hands and places it somewhere else.
a man lifts from his hands from right side and gives it to someone at the left side.
a person spins while pivoting on their left leg.
a person shifting in different directions as in basketball when a person is trying to take the ball from you.
a person pivots on their left foot 4 times in various directions.
someone climbs a step, walks and descends a step
a person is stepping up, walking forward, and taking a step down.
the man takes a step up, walk forward, then takes a step down.
a person raises his hands, moves his left hand above his right then back down again.
a person pick something up at waist level and moves it to the right side and then moves it back.
the person tilts something to the side to look under it.
person hold arms up and stumbles forward into the right.
a person is shaky and stubbles around.
walking forward and then to the left.
this person is jogging in place.
a person runs in position.
a person was running on the place
someone waits a moment and jumps to the right
a person jumps sideways to the left.
a person takes a large hop to the side.
a person walks forward with their arms raised toward the ceiling.
the person is walking over a balance beam.
this person walks forward while raises both arms above his head.
the person is running forward.
a person jogs forward and then stops.
a person running at a steady speed
a person walks with one foot in front of the other trying to keep balance.
person is walking using left rail for assitance
a person walks from forward in a squiggled line.
a person crouches and crawls from one end to the other
a person gets on all fours and crawls diagonally across the ground before standing back up.
a person steps back, kneels down, crawls forward, stands up and then takes several steps.
a person acts like they are making a right upper cut with their arm, like a boxing motion.
a person uppercuts with their right hand.
an individual swings his right arm upward in a violent motion.
a person walks forward before bending down to hold his left knee with both hands
person walks forward, then leans forward and places both hands on his left knee.
this person walks slowly forward, stops and grabs his left knee.
the person is taking a big jump
the man uses his legs to propel him self in the air then lands back on the ground.
this person jumps high from a standing position.
a person stands with their forearms in front of them.
a person flexes their muscles.
a person stayed on the place
a person moves forward and does 180 degree turn and goes back to the same spot as he was before
walking forward, turning around on one foot then walking back
a person walks and then turns to his left and walks back
a figure sprints forward confidently
a person runs straight forward
person is running in left diagonal straight line
a person throws something with his right hand, then does a stop motion with his left hand.
a person throwing something and then waving their other hand
a person throws something with their right hand and then lifts their left palm into the air.
a person throws their right hand up
a person whith their hand raised, raises it higher.
a person lifts their right hand over their head and extends both knees upward.
in this one a person is stand
a person walks forward then turns to the left and continues walking
a person walks to another spot along a curved path.
a man in a running position races four steps forward, slides to a stop and takes another step forward.
a person is running, quickly stops, and then runs again
the toon walks down the plane at a normal speed.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides slowly takes four steps downhill and stops.
a person is walking down a slope
a figure takes a big step forward and downward.
a person gets pushed forwards slightly.
a person stumbles and trips
a person makes small jumps while standing in place.
a person is hopping on one leg
a person makes a few short jumps.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
the person is walking normally forward.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
a person raised his hand, and leaned it near to face
the person calmly holds an object close to its face.
a person has their right hand up to their face, and moves their body around a bit.
a person standing with his arms spread wide from his sides, drops his arms, jumps up, then steps forward and stops.
a person puts their arms down, jumps then walks forward.
a person jumps, then walks forwards
a person walks forward, pushed towards the right then retrieves back to the left.
a person walks forwards and then is pushed by something, and pushed to the left.
the person walks forward and gets suddenly pushed from their left.
a person walks forward at mid pace.
a person walks forward casually
person strolls down the sidewalk
kirsten is smoothing something out with his right hand and then his left hand.
a man holds his head with his left hand and then moves his right arm in front of him.
person is doing a dance
a person crawls along the ground on their belly.
figure army crawls diagonally to the lower right of screen.
a man crawls on his stomach towards the right.
a person is waving with both their hands.
the person is waving both arms upward, puts both arms down, and shrugs with right arm.
a person is waving both of his arms.
a man walking rapidly forward with both arms swinging at his sides.
a person walks forward really fast.
walking forward then stopping.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person starts walking forward before momentarily pausing, and continuing, all the while veering to their right.
a person walks forward slowly stops and then continues.
a man turns his head slightly, then walks in a slow clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a man walks in a circle with his hands stiffly at his sides.
a person swings his right arm.
a person throws an object with their right hand and then catches an object with both hands.
the person is casting a fishing rod
moving hands down near legs.
a figure begins with their arms outstretched and knees bent, in a ballet pliea
the person spreads their arms while sitting
a person walks curved to the left.
the person is walking turning left..
a person walks towards the left side.
the person is running forward on steppingstones.
a person running at an angle
a person quickly hops around to the left and right.
a standing person performs a cartwheel starting with their left hand
a man steps forward and then does a cartwheel.
a person does a cartwheel
a person takes a step forward, pivots on their left foot and turns 180 degrees and walks back to where they started, but facing the opposite direction
this person walks forward then turns left to walk back.
a man walks forward 2 feet and then turns to walk back.
a person is standing with there arms lifted and slightly bent, as if holding handlebars.
a man stands with his hands outstretched in front of his chest.
a person is standing with their arms out in front of them.
a person lifts their hand to wave and then brings it back to their side.
a person with his right hand is waving to someone in a fast motion.
a person raises their right hand to about face level and waves it in a wide motion side to side.
a person grabbed soemthing and hit with it
a person takes a chip shot in golf.
the man practices a golf swing.
the person is walk in the street backwards.
simple stand quite like a doll
not moving at all standing.
a person standing and raising the right arms and making gestures.
the person gestures with their right hand.
a person is gesturing with their right hand
a person pivots in a clockwise motion while holding both arms up and in fists
he turns around right a lot
the man holds his hand up and turns in a circle to the right.
the person is walking forward to the left.
a person walks and bends left
a man walks in a left angle curve.
a person is performing a ballet dance.
a person is doing a acrobatic dance.
a person is waving his arms around and is jumping.
a person walks around in a circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clock wise motion.
a person makes a "fast break" motion, zig-zagging briefly from left to right then darting forward to the right.
the person quickly runs off.
a person who is poised to run steps to his left with is left foot and dashes to his right.
a person is shaking his body
a person puts out their spout. their body shakes and then tips to the right side as if pouring something out.
this person is motioning hands as if to talk to someone.
a person walking in a diagonal direction
the person is stepping over some thing.
a person walks forward, taking a step over something.
person runs on the spot
a man runs in place while moving his arms.
a person jogs in place.
the person took one step to the right.
a person took a long step to their right at a fast pace.
the person takes a chased step to his left
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides raises his right arm and waves across his arm across his chest twice before returning to his original stance.
the person is waving goodbye
the man stretches his right arm out and waves in front of his body.
character is standing with hands to their chest, using their right and left legs to shuffle slightly in a dancing fashion.
moving hands in a circular motion quickly.
a man dancing moving left leg and moving arms.
he starts walking straight backwards
a person walks backwards, without turning.
a person walks backwards and stops.
the person is turning the steering wheel.
a person turns a steering wheel left and then right.
the man squats down while using his hands to twist and turn something.
stick figure moving to the left
a person evading something by dodging to the right
the person ducked to the right.
a person does a throwing motion with his right arm
a person hits something with their right arm then catches something with both arms
a person raises their right arm and pulls it back in wind up motion to throw a ball, the ball is then caught.
a person seems to be describing something
a man positions hands in front of chest with left hand over right, positions hands side by side, then back to left hand over right. he then places right hand on side and raises left hand above shoulder before twisting both hands and bringing them up to cup his mouth.
a person is moving around his arms.
a person lofts their right hand to their face.
a person puts their right hand up to cover their mouth.
a person leand the right hand near to face
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
person leans to the right while making stroking motions up and down with his right arm.
a person raised the right hand and lift something
moving arms in a random pattern.
the person was being a human monkey.
person makes move to scratch left armpit with left arm before dancing with arms waving in 's' figure.
person is casually walking forward
a person somewhat staggers while walking foreward.
the man walks forward lightly.
the person is doing the cha-cha dance
person is dancing with a partner
a person who seems to be dancing with someone
a person goes from standing on two feet, to standing on his left foot and hops on it five times.
a person hops on his left and right
person is jumping up and down on left leg
a person quickly walks across a room in an s shaped pattern.
a person is walking around the room.
person walks in the shape of an s.
a person slowly walked forward and right
a person walks forward with a bend to the right
person appears to walk forward to the right.
walking forward and then back.
a person walks forward turns right and walks back.
a person takes two steps towards the front, then turns around and takes two steps towards the back
a person lowers his arms, walks forward, turns clockwise, walks forward again, turns around counterclockwise, and starts walking back.
a person walked in right direction and after left direction
walking to the side and then back.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes eight steps in a clockwise direction and stops.
the man is walking in clockwise
a person raised the rigth hand and pull it down
a person picks something up in front of them with their right hand and reach behind and to the right of themselves to place the object in another location.
person extends their right arm out to reach for something then brings both hands together in front of the body while pivoting to the left, and repeats this motion several times.
the person is playing soccer and kick the ball.
a person steps forward then kicks something hard with their right arm
the sim steps forward making several soccer like kicks with their right foot.
the person is walking forward towards the right.
a person walking forward then turning and walking to the side and standing as if peering over a ledge
a person starts to walk forward then turns right slightly and continues walking.
a person walks with both arms out to their sides.
the person is walking on a balance beam.
a person slowly walked forward while balancing
a person walks quickly down a downward slope
a man briskly walks forward.
someone walks four steps forward before stopping with their feet level.
a person raised he lef for half and after changed the leg
a person balances on their left leg and then their right.
a person balances on his left foot, then switches to its right foot, then switches back to its left foot.
a person performing a t pose in a slightly hunched over position
a person stretches their arms out to their sides, the lowers their arms down and stretches them out to their sides again.
a man raises his arms outward before putting them back down and the raises them again.
the person is walking on a balance beam.
figure walks toe to toe very slowly.
a person is going over a tightrope.
the man holds something in his hand and then throws it with his right hand.
person is a low stance raises right arm above head and moves forward
a person getting into stance and positioning body to act as if the person is throwing a baseball.
a peson throws something with his right hand and then catches it
the persons getting ready to throw ball with his right arm.
a person throws something and catches.
a person sprints forward diagonally.
the person is running very fast towards the left.
running in a diagonal line.
the person is boxing with her left arm.
happily dancing thrusting right arm upward and then the left arm upward
a person moves side to side while making punching motions with hands.
the man walks forward stumbles slightly and takes a few more steps.
a person takes 6 steps forward in a somewhat unbalanced line.
person attempts to walk forward in a straight line and wobbles as doing so.
a figure begins in a crouch, tapping on its knees, raising its hands to catch
person picks up something and shows it to audience
a person is crouched down and is moving his left hand has if cooking something, then both hands are brought up to mouth as if eating a sandwich.
a person walks around and bends over.
the man is doing a back up toss
a person walks back, picks something up, and throws it while spinning.
a person steps their right leg out and back to lean their body in that direaction
a person steps forward with their right leg, with their arms on their waist.
the person is doing a warm-up with his elbows bent.
a person swings his right hand.
the person is playing baseball and throwing a ball.
a person throws something with their right hand, then catches with both hands.
standing completely still and not moving.
the person is standing still.
a person stands still and does not move.
a person raised right and left hand and jumped
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
person skipping jauntily forward in a slightly diagonal path.
the person is skipping across the room.
a person bounces while walking forward.
a person side steps to the right and then to the left
a person side steps to the right, then side steps to the left and final back to the right
a person walking to the right front , then stepping back to center, walking back to the right front again.
the person was walking forward on a balance beam.
a person steps onto a balancing beam, walks forward, and then steps back down.
a man carefully walks to the opposite end of the room.
the person stands while warming up their wrist and ankles
a person is dancing first moving both arms then left leg. then while still moving arms stops moving left leg to switch to the right leg moving.
a person grabbed both hands and did something with right leg
the man jumps twice into the air.
a person uses their arms and legs to jump as high as they can in-position.
a person jumps twice very high in the air.
a person casually walks forward.
a person briskly walks forward.
this person is walking in a straight line
a person takes five delicate steps backward.
a man walks backward in a straight line.
a person walks backward in a straight line.
a figure does a standing sprint
a person that is running in place.
the person is running in place.
a person lifts their right forearm upwards towards their mouth and then puts it down again.
a person raises their right hand up and back down.
man lifts his right hand to his mouth
a figure walks counter clockwise.
a person walks in circles
the person was walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person performs a low jab using the left hand.
a person punches with his left hand.
a person with both arms raised punches out with his left hand.
a person standing in a t pose and then doing strange hand movements
a person performs a joining motion with their hands twice.
a person waves their hands together in front of them.
a person quickly pours something out in the lower table in front of them with their left hand.
a person walks forward, pets something with their left hand and then, steps back.
the person bends over to pour something away
a person takes a few steps forward before coming back to a stop.
walking forward and then stopping.
a man walks to the opposite end of the room.
the man walks in a circular motion
the person is walking towards the right around in a circle.
the person walks clockwise at leisurely pace, when walking he makes an oval shape and walks that path about 1 and 3/4 times before stopping.
a man waves his arm in front of him from left to right, then up and down, to forward and back, then back to his side.
a man moves his right arm in from of him.
a person puts his right hand in the air.
moving the hands speaking some thing.
a person lowers their arms then moves them side to side and lowers them.
a person begins standing with arms outstretched, parallel to the ground. he then brings his arms down and makes a "no" motion with his hands.
a person walks forward several steps and then stumbles to the right.
person is walking forward and stumbles, then catches himself before falling
a person loses their balance while walking
a person takes a quick step forward.
a person slightly tripped forward over something.
the person was push for did not fall down.
person raises right arm and waves in greeting.
a person raises their hand and waves.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person that is shaking their left hand and moving the right near their head
a person shakily lifts up their arms with bend elbows in front of their body towards the face.
a person standing moving right arm in an upward motion .
the person twists at the waist to their left, bends both arms at elbows, and then twists forward and pumps fist in air
a person throws a punch wity their left hand
a person throws a left jab.
man lightly jogs straight
the woman ran swiftly and gracefully, moving towards the guy in the woods.
the man is jogging on the spot
person is waiting with his right hand.
a person raises his right hand greets and lowers it
a person stands and politely waves with their right hand
a person steps over something.
a person walks forward taking longer strides with his left leg.
a person walking takes a long step and keeps walking
a person waves with their left hand
a person raises their left hand, waves, and put their arm back down.
a man standing waves multiple times with his left hands.
the person is walking up steps.
a person begins taking steps moving upwards, similar to walking up steps.
a person walks up four somewhat-steep steps.
a person raised the hand and bent it
a person is raising both arms.
raising hands near face.
a person bends down and slowly pushes something forward, they seem to be struggling a little bit as the line is not completely straight.
a person bends down, pushes something heavy in a straight line
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides leans forward and pushes an object low along the ground before letting go, standing up and turning to his right.
a person slides to their right.
a figure quickly sidesteps to their right
the person takes a big side step to the right
person is walking while veering left
a person walks in a curve to their left.
the person is walking around the bend to the left
a man walks forward at a medium pace
a figure takes five steps forward starting with the right leg.
person is walking straight ahead
a person walks up to the left side and then back to the right.
a person walks to his left and then his right.
a person strafes to the left then to the right.
a person walks with both hands in the air.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms and walks forward five steps while his arms are held above his head.
moving forward while raising arms.
the person is jumping with their hands up.
a person jumps, and lands with their feet apart and arms above their head, jumps to return to the starting position, then repeats the action a second time.
doing jumping jacks in place.
a person is standing very still only barely moving with their right arm bent and their right hand up at their face.
a man has his right arm bent to his head.
a man stands still for several moments.
a man holds a ball with both hands then twisting the body to the right while holding the ball in his right hand putting his body weight on his left foot rotating his arm above head level following through with his arm rotation and releasing it about waist level.
a person throws two thing with his right hand
a person bring both hands together then throws with their right and then throws again.
a person slowly jumped forward
stand on the floor and jump forward.
a person jumps forward once.
the first one is running forward.
a person ran by making the small circle
a person is dancing while running.
the person lift their right arm and starts looking at their watch
the figure lifts his right hand as if looking at his watch.
a person checks their watch on their right hand.
the person is taking giant steps forward.
a man walks forward and sits down in a chair.
walking forward and then stopping.
person is acting like a grizzly bear.
a person dramatically raises their hands up before swatting something with their right hand.
a person raises their arms in a large circle, then gestures with their right hand.
a person goes and sits down
a person stepping to the left and then sits down and stands back up and walks forward
a person walked backwards and sat down on something and then got up
a person is jumping up and cheering
a person who is standing with his arms to his sides, crouches and jumps up with his hands above his head, crouches and jumps again with his hands above his head, crouches and jumps again with his hands head high, then waits and then jumps up again.
user bends knees jumps and puts arms in the air
the person is walking from left to right.
a person walks around and stops.
a person walks to the right, turns around, walks to the left, then returns to the center.
a person goes up and down the stairs
uses right leg to lift themselves over an object, walks to the side, and then uses left leg to lift themselves over object again. appears to be vaulting over an object like a box
a person walks over an object turns right twice steps over a bigger object then turns left and stops
the person gets on their hands and knees, crawls to the right, gets up and returns to their original position.
a person bends down on his hands and knees, crawls, and then gets back up to sand on feet.
the person that down and was crawling across the floor.
a person stepping very slowly
a person walks towards the left side.
man walking diagonally forward across the ground.
a man walks up a flight of stairs, turns around and then walks down the stairs.
the figure lifts off the square and takes a few small steps up the stairs before turning and almost beginning going down the stairs.
doing like going forward on the step and come down on the step.
a person lifts a foot up to their face to inspect it.
a person rests their left hand on an object and then looks at their left foot holding it with their right hand.
a person grabbed something with left hand and grabbed with right hand a leg
a muscular man walk forward and pick up heavy subject and walk again
a person is taking large, wide steps and flexing.
a very rigid looking person flexes for the camera and walks away.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person stumbles a few steps forward.
person is walking forward in odd motion
an individual is standing still in onenplace wirh borh hands on it’s hips.
a person holds their arms forward, bent at the elbow, and stands still
persons holding something down with both hands
a person is walking straight backwards.
a person walks a few steps backward.
person is walking backwards slowly
person is walking back and forth
person walks to the left then the opposite direction then back to where it started.
a person is pacing back and forth.
using his left hand a person picks up an object examines then places back where it came from
a person answers the phone and sets it down.
a person picks something up with their right hand, then raises their right hand towards their head, then places their right hand back down.
a person bends his right arm inward in front of his chest
a person lifts their arm up to check their wrist, and then lower their arm back down.
a person holds their right wrist up, looking down at it like they are checking the time.
a person does a circular motion in front of his body with his left hand.
a person uses their left arm to make a circular motion in front of them.
a person does a circular motion with their left hand.
a person leaning forward slightly holding one wrist with the other hand slight sway in upper torso
a man leans forward while swinging his clasped hands in front of him.
a figure seems to be playing golf and preparing to golf swing
a person reaches up t the left with right hand, and then up to the right with left hand.
this person raises his right arm then his left arm across his body.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides turns to his left, raises his right arm and looks to his left, then turns to his right, points to his right with his left arm and returns to his original position.
the person is warming up their wrists and ankles.
a man circles his weight about his right ankle.
a man dances by himself using both arms and legs.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person does a throwing motion with his right hand.
a person throws something with their right hand.
running up and down vertically
a person hurries forward then turns and hurries backward then turns again and hurries back forward.
a person shuffles quickly forwards, turns, does it again several times, while writhing the hands and front of the body.
a man squats in the ground and clasps his hands, then stands up and squats on the ground again.
a person squats down, stands up, then squats back down.
a person who is standing up, squats to almost floor level and then touches their hands and stands up.
a person swipes their right arm through the air.
the person is doing some kind of right arm with.
the person makes a gesture as if telling someone to come to them.
a person sits down cross legged and then stands up.
a person standing, sits down then stands back up.
a person sits down cross legged, then gets back up.
a person is walking and stops.
with his hands down by his sides, the man sways his hips and is walking slightly of to one side.
a man walks with a swagger to his left.
a person bends his right hand to his chest then down.
person raises arm and bends it to look at wrist. appears to be checking the time on a wristwatch
a person checks their watch.
the sim is standing still, raising their right hand to touch or scratch their head.
man lift right hand to scratch his head.
the individual appears to knock with his right arm.
a person is waving his right hand.
a man raises their right arm and waves.
a person waves their right hand, then returns to a standing position.
a person raises his left hand elbow up towards the face and lowers it.
a person raises their left hand to their face and places it back down.
moving arm toward face.
a person raises their left arm with their palm up before returning back to a neutral standing position
a man lifts his left hand to his head.
a person lifts up their left hand slowly.
a man jumps then stumbles and then jumps again.
a person takes big jumps in place.
the man jumps couple of times
a figure brings its heels together, moving in a side to side motion
a man sidesteps to his left, then to his right for a few steps, then again to his left.
a person sidesteps back and forth.
a person walks forward, with right leg first
person walks straight forward for five steps
the man takes 4 steps forward.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward casually in a straight line.
a person walks forward, veering slightly to the left.
walking forward in a line.
subject is standing facing forward subject then takes 5 steps forward starting with the left leg
person walks forward four steps then brings feet back together.
a person with a left red side and right blue side holds hands
a person gets his hands together to hold them and then lowers them back again.
a man lifts his hands to clasp them together at chest level, and then brings them back to rest at  his sides.
a person is walking clockwise and making a half cirle
person is walking towards the left.
a person walks in a curve going towards their left, then stops.
bending down and moving hands.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, bends to his left, reaches down and picks something up with both hands, then moves the item to his right and places it down.
the person pick something up from the left to the right.
a person who is standing and holding up his hands in a fighting position, drops his hands, puts his hands on his hips, then raises his hands, rolls them and signals to listen to him as he walks to his right.
a man avoids a fight by walking away.
he starts to dance a lot
a person does jumping jacks bringing their arms up above their head and their legs out and then moving back to a standing position.
a person does 2 jumping jacks.
a figure does minor jumps, out to the side, but spread quite far.
a person walks forward at a normal pace
a person walks forward down a slight incline.
a person walks forward before coming to a stop
a man side-skips from left to right repeatedly.
a person side steps to the right and then back to the left.
a person faslty moving in right and left direction
the person walks forward then takes a sharp left turn
a person is walking, then turns to the left whilst still walking, then stops
a person walks forward and turns to their left.
a person jogs in place slowly at first, then picks up the pace.
a person jogs in place, increasing steadily in speed, while moving both arms in forward
a person is running in place starting slow then going faster.
a person is walking forward and then stops.
a person walks forward a few steps
a person walks forwards in a jagged fashion
the person does several jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks then stops to stand with arms relaxed on both sides.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks in a clockwise quarter circle.
a figure walks forward jauntily and to the right
person walks forward and they veer right
a figure lowers their arms then walks forward, using their right arm to support themselves against a wall
someone walks forward and puts their right hand on something to their right.
person stands with both arms outstretched, lowers both hands, the right hand grabs a handrail for balance and walks forward
person appears to pick something up with right hand then walks forward slowly.
the man walks forward while swinging his arms back and forth at his sides.
a person bends their head forward, sraightens back up, and walks forward
a man beginning with his right leg slides to the right side.
a person hops on one leg to the right with their left leg trailing behind them.
a person is pushed from the left and recovers balance.
a person lifts their arm up twice doing a bicep curl
a person lifts his left arm into the air.
a person raises their left arm up
character is walking at a normal pace before speeding up and hopping several times.
a man skips while walking.
a person who is moving forward takes two skipping steps and resumes walking.
a person takes some smalls steps backwards.
a man is walking backwards with his arms moving naturally and at a moderate pace.
a person takes a few steps backward.
the person is as arms out. like a muscle
a person grabbed something with both hands
a person is holding something apart with their hands.
a person jogs quickly in place with his arms moving energetically, before ending in a standing position.
a person does several alternating-foot jumps while swinging both hands as if running.
this person jogs in place at a quick motion.
walking forward and backward and moved forward.
the person was punished but did not fall.
a person walks forward, steps backwards then walks forward again.
moving hands to knees.
with legs shoulder width apart, person brings arms to their thighs before out stretching back outward to their side.
the person had his hands out to the side and put his hands down on his lap.
the person is jumping up and down with both feet.
person is jumping up and down
a person jumps in place
a person is walking upstairs.
the person is walking upstairs.
a person walks up some stairs.
a person raises his arms above his head, walks forward four steps, stops and lowers his arms.
he tries to blance on the beam
a person puts their arms up and balances across a beam.
a man drops his arms suddenly and then raises them more slowly along with his back, then holds his arms out, holds them near his chest, then raises his left arm to pound at the air in front of him several times.
a person appears to be doing dances.
a man bends forward than backwards, holding both hands near his chest. his right arm than moves up and down and he swings around.
a person is sitting or squatting with bent arms and picks something up to face height, then turns their torso to the left.
a person sit down on the floor, and after doing something with hands
a squatting person slightly turns from side to side
a person picking something up
a person bends down and picks something up with their right hand
a man squad down into a forward position, as if clearly ready to tackel the quaterback.
a person raising their hand from waist line towards above their head
a man raises and then lowers his left hand.
a man is slowly raising his left hand above his head then lowering it back down.
the sim appears to pick up a phone, bringing it to their right ear.
reach down with the left hand to pick up the phone, move it to the left and bring it to the ear then put it down.
a person picks up a phone with their left hand, they answer the phone with their right.they speak on the phone and then put the phone down.
a person jumps on his left foot several times then on his right foot then on his two feet
the person was hopping on his left foot then he was hopping on his right foot.
a person is jumping on his left leg from side to side and then starts jumping with both legs.
a person walking forward, turning around, and walking back.
a figure walks forward then spins on their heel sloppily before walking back
the person is walking turning right.
a person lowers and raises their arms perpendicular to their body to 90 degrees.
a person raised the hands and pull it down
a person repeatedly raises arms outward to about shoulder level, then drops them to a relaxed position.
a person begins to walk forward up the stairs
a person is walking up stairs and holding onto the rail
a person walks up stairs while holding the rail.
a person sits cross legged then stands up
bending down and sitting criss cross.
a person moves from standing to sitting cross-legged by bending at the waist and using their hands to lower themselves; then, they standup again in the reverse manner and touch their wrist.
stand and touch the legs.
the person standing relaxing and then puts his arms out to the side.
a person standing in a strong stance
a man takes several steps backwards, punches with his right arm across his body then kicks with his right leg. he then walks back to his original starting point.
the person is doing a karate punch and a karate kick.
a person punches then kicks to the right.
moving forward on the floor.
stick figure walks forward in a straight line
a person walks forward and stops.
the person stand and touch the head.
a person puts his right hand by his head, looks around, then puts his hand back down again
a person raises right hand to face looks around and puts hand down back to side.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
person climbs stairs with right hand on railing.
a character uses their right arm to ballance as they walk up some stairs.
a man seated puts his foot on a pedal and his hands around a steering wheel.
a figure is lounging backwards, maybe driving a race car?
a sitting man reaches out with his right hand.
a person jumped and spun at the same time in the air.
spinning in a circle fast.
a person that does a jump and spin in one spot
throws both hands up in a triumph type way toward bottom right does a half turn to bottom left and repeats the process doing a complete circle.
a person gestures far in front of them with both hands.
a person steps forward and makes a tossing motion with both hands, turns right and makes a tossing motion with both hands, turns right again and makes a tossing motion with both hands and turns right again and makes a tossing motion with both hands.
a person is raising their arms in the air with their legs bent as if lifting weights.
a person squatting raises both their arms above their head.
a character lifts their arms and bends their knees to raise a dumbbell.
the  person is running over a vault.
a person gets a running head start and vaults over a wall, then turns and vaults back over the wall the other direction.
a man runs forward and then jumps over something, planting his right arm on it, then turns around and repeats the process.
the man jumps and spins in a. lockwise circle then lands.
a person jumps and spins around before landing
a figure jumps and twists in a full circle
a person swats their left hand in front of them
the person is throwing something very hard.
a man throws an object with his left hand.
the person is warming up his wrists and ankles.
moving arms around near chest.
person is performing dance moves
the man is walking slowly
someone is slowly walking forward while using their hands to support their weight on objects on either side of them.
a person very slowly walks forward place one foot in front of the other and holding arms out to the side
a man has his arms bent in front of his chest and moves them, before bringing them both up to his head and wriggling them, continuing to keep his hands high as he turns his torso to his right, then back.
the person is having a drink holding it with both hands.
a person picks something up and holds it over their head several times.
person starts to jog in place, turns to their right and runs to the edge, then turns and runs all the way to their left, and repeats this jogging pattern.
a person jogs right, then jogs left and then jogs to the center and stands.
a person turns and jogs to the right, turns again and jogs to the left, turns one more time and jogs to original location.
the person moves his right hand around
the person is doing the sign of the cross in front of him
a man standing appears to move objects with his right hand.
a person does a cartwheel to the right.
a person steps backwards and does a flip.
a person by using the both hands, made a circle, with using the whole body
with one foot in front of the other, a person hops back and forth from their right foot to their left foot several times.
a person in a defensive stance, waiting to react at a moment's notice.
a person holds their hands together while boxing.
someone slowly walking forward a few steps
a person walks forward over a gap.
the sim walks down the plane at normal speed.
a man standing with bent knees lifts his hands to make a t-pose then puts them back down to rest on his knees.
a person extends their arms to the side.
a man raises his arms above his hand, returns them, waits, then repeats the motion.
the person nearly falls while walking forward
a person is standing when they get pushed from behind which makes them stumble forward
the person was pushed in his back but did not fall.
the person is drinking out of a bottle with his left hand.
moving arms towards chest then raising hand.
a person puts bith hands together and looks at them, then raises left hand up above the head.
a person kicked something
stomping foot in place.
a person wiggles its left leg.
a man bends and reaches with his right arm, reaches again with his right arm, and then turns to walk away.
a man picks up a ball with his right hand. sets it on a table, turns to the left to walk away.
a person bends over and touches something with is right hand.
a figure stretches their shoulders by crossing one arm over the other
a man stretches his left arm.
a person reaches with their right arm and pulls on their upper left arm
a person walks using a handrail with his left hand.
person walks forward using left handrail
a man walks forward with his left hand on the railing.
a person does a swinging golf club motion
person performs a swing like motion from right to left
person takes a right handed golf swing
the person is walking downstairs.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides walks down five steps.
a person walks down stairs then stops.
person slightly swings arms and shuffles in the shape of a circle.
robot is running in circle.
a person side steps a complete circle.
person quickly reaches left forearm up to their eyesight as if they were checking the time.
a person lifts up their left hand to look at the time.
a person standing straight and raising his left arm to check time.
he runs in jumplace then stops
person walks backward then runs forward and takes a small jump.
a person walks backwards then runs forwards before walking back one more time.
a person shakes loose their arms, then legs and completes with a squat.
the person showing the range of motion in his arms and legs.
a person shifts their arms around then legs before crouching down and standing back up.
a person slowly walks forward with hands down at sides.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
the person is walking out a medium speed.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward, arms hanging, veering slightly to their left.
a man steps forward a few steps, stopping in an standing position.
person walks forward, pauses with right arm slightly bent, then continues walking.
a person slowly walked forward
a person cautiously takes a step forward, as to step over something.
the person is cleaning something.
person looks around and then takes a step to their right
a person side steps once to the right.
a person is getting pushed from behind.
a person stumbles then stops and stands.
a person takes a step forward.
a person raises their right hand and scratches their head
a person scratches their right hand over their head.
a person who seems to be drinking something
a person who is standing takes one step to his left, then dashes to his right.
a person stumbles a bit then swerves to the right.
a person runs in a fast right turn.
individual takes a step forward with their right foot and swings arm simultanitously.
a person repeatedly steps forward with their right foot, blocks something with their right forearm, and then steps back.
someone sticks right foot outward six times and raises right hand six times, then sticks right foot outwards a seventh time and lowers right hand once.
the man puts the box down and runs
this person is running quickly across the space.
a person places an object on the ground before running forward.
a person slowly walked forward
slowly walking forward starting with left foot then stopping
the person is walking straight forward.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
doing jumping jacks in place.
a man stands in place.
a person standing still in a normal posture
the person stands still for the full time.
the person is putting his arms up in the air.
hands and arms reached overhead.
a person raises both arms above their head and then lowers them back down.
walking side to side then stopping.
the person standing still with his legs open.
the person stands with their legs spread wide apart
person walks forward in slow manner
a person walks carefully forward on a beam.
a man walks forward slowly, moving his arms, before stopping in a standing position.
person swings right arm as if pitching a ball to the left.
a person throws something with their right hand hard.
a person throws something hard with their right arm.
a person gets in ground and crawls.
a standing person decides to kneel down and show someone he can still crawl.
this person gets on hands and knees and crawls forward.
the person ducked to avoid being hit by some thing that was flying.
person bends down and look forward
a person ducks down and puts their hands on their hand as if avoiding something flying towards them
the person was punching with her left arm.
a person punches wit his left hand.
a man raising both arms, then punches with their left hand.
a person folds their arms and then unfolds them
the person crosses their arms and then lets them fall again.
a person is standing and crosses his arms.
a person quickly side steps to the right and then to the left.
a person taking strafing steps from right to left and left to right
a person sidesteps quickly to the right then to the left.
a man stirs something with his left hand.
moving hand in a circular motion.
a person takes his left arm and appears to wipe something in a circular motion.
a person walks forward in a steady pace.
a person walks forward, in a medium pace.
a person walks forward while swinging his arms.
walking forward making a 90 degree turn to the left at a gradual angle
a person walks in a curve to the right.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides turns to the right as he takes four steps and stops.
a person slides their right arm against their left hand, then makes small rapid motions with both hands in front of their chest.
someone standing with his hands on his back head and makes gestures with the hands.
a person appears to put on a coat, they put their right hand in to a sleeve and then button up the front.
the person is doing horizontal jumps back and forth.
a person shuffles and slides to their left two steps and then shuffles and slides back to their right for two steps this is all done five times to their left and four to their right.
a person stands up and bends their knees to form a 90 degree angle and then moves body back to normal postion
a person waves with both hands.
a person lifts both arms and moves hands in and out.
a person waves with both hands.
a person steps on an object and walks across it carefully.
a person steps up onto an object, walks across it, and then steps back down.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides steps up, takes three steps forward, then steps down.
a person jumps and spins from right to left.
the man does a hop turn to the left
a person jumps clockwise in a half circle.
the person is holding onto the handrail
he walked across the room while using his hand to navigate.
the person holds on to the rail to assist with walking
the person was pointing to the left.
person is stretching right arm
a person stretching their right arm.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
personl quickly walks in a circle in an anticlockwise manner.
a person is crossing their arms.
a person crosses his arms.
a person crosses their arms.
a person poses in a fancy pose.
the person just stands there.
a person is performing a static dance pose with folded in head lowered and leg slightly bent
a person walks to his right.
a man walks forward slowly veering to the right.
a person walks curving to the right.
the person is playing peekaboo.
a person holding their hands to their face and suddenly letting go; peek a boo motion
a person puts both hands to his face.
the person is taking stuff from the right and passing it to the left.
a person brings his right arm across his body toward the left and swings it out to the right.
a man continues to grab something behind him with his right hand and place it in front of him.
a person steps downstairs while swaying arms.
a person with his arms out slightly from his sides looks down and slowly takes four steps backwards down some stairs.
a person walks backwards down several stairs.
a person by using the left hand, lean it to uppercore body
a person who is standing with his hands down by his sides raises his left hand and scrubs his stomach.
this person moves his left hand in a circular motion over his mid section.
a person reaches above their head with their right hand, and curls their left arm at their side, and then switches between their left and right arm positions.
a person stayed on the place and after raised the right hand
the person is acting like a monkey.
a man walks four steps forward and then stops.
this person walks forward very slowly.
a person is standing still, walks forwards, thens stops
a person grabbed something with hands and start to play on it
person getures as if they are playing a guitar.
a person is using their right arm up and down in front of their body, and holding something with their left arm, as if playing a guitar.
a person is clapping sitting on something
the person is sitting down applauding.
the person claps while sitting down.
the person is leaning on a table
walking forward and bending down.
person is leaning down on a table
the person tries to stable themselves standing still but takes a step forward after losing balance
a person uses his arms to maintain balance, takes a step forward and puts his arms back down
a person stumbles forward while maintaining his balance.
a man does jumping jacks, hopping as he alternates between having his legs apart and arms up, and his legs together and arms down.
a person jumps straight out and lands with legs shoulder-width apart and raises both arms above head repeatedly
a jumping jack is completed, jump up in the air while spreading your legs and reaching for the sky with your arms. jump up again while closing your legs and returning your arms to your side.
person starts with left foot and casually walks forward.
someone walked straight forward in a curved line while lightly swinging their arms.
a person slowly walks forward starting with his left foot and then stands still.
the person is getting ready to golf.
a man leans slightly forward as he takes low golf swing.
a person puts their hands together and swings them
the person is balancing on one leg.
a person is balancing on one leg with their arms outstretched
a person stretches the arms out in a t shape, balances on their left leg with their right leg behind.
the man is stretching his arms
a person stretches his arms upward
a person stretches their hands above their head.
a man is doing a squat.
a person puts their arms out in front of them and does a squat
the man puts his hands out in front of him and does a squat.
a right handed golfer takes a golf swing.
a person swings both arms.
a man swings an object towards the right.
person walks forwards straight while stumbling
a person walks forward on a beam.
a person slowly walked forward
a person in a squat
someone squats with their hands on their knees, then raises them both up to the side, then lowers them back down.
a person standing still does nothing.
a man lowers his arms to his side, then lifts his left hand to tap at something in front of him at chest and head level, before lowering it to his side.
a person stands with arms held shoulder length to their sides, then they lower their arms and with their left hand swipe in front of them, right to left, up to down, then out to in.
the person opens the fridge door and pulls out a bottle of juice
the person is doing the cha-cha.
person appears to be dancing with another person while his right hand is on the person's back and their right hand is extended appears to be holding their parnter's extended hand
the man dances the cha cha.
a person bends one arm at the elbow and moves their hand in a semi-circle back and forth
figure appears to be lifting weights
person is standing and lifting a weight with right hand
a person strolls forward towards the right
a person takes four steps forward, and turns to their right while doing so, to end up facing to their right.
a person stumbles back 2 steps while flailing their left arm, then stumbles forward.
the person is walking backwards.
a person stumbles backwards, then regains their position.
a person who is running takes two strides, stops, resumes running and takes another stride.
the man jogs then stands then jogs again
a person jogs a few steps, stops, and then jogs some more.
a person gets down on their knees
a person kneeling down with the support of his right hand
a man standing then kneels down to the ground.
someone appears to be mixing something
a person is moving their left arm in a circular motion in front of them as if they are stirring a pot.
the man uses his left hand to stir something directly in front of him.
a person walks left diagonally, turns right walks a few steps then walks back and stands facing forward.
a man passing from left to right
the person paces back and forth from left to right
a man has his arms flexed, squats, and returns to standing position.
a person grabbed something and sit on the knee
person is holding something behind them while squatting.
a person slowly walked forward downstairs
a person takes several stiff steps forward.
the figure is still before stepping forward from the right foot while the camera is in an overhead position.
person walking backward in circular motion
the man backs away with his arms swung behind him.
the person is being pushed backwards.
a man flapping his arms.
the person is flapping their arms like a chicken.
a person squats slightly, then bends both arms in a flapping motion.
the person takes a few steps while holding their right knee, then switches to holding their left knee while walking.
the toon is crouching down while moving, grabbing both legs as to show an injury.
walking side to side while crouching.
starting with the right foot, a person walks downstairs alternating feet for each step.
a man walks straight on to a block of ice and it starts to crack.
the person is walking down steps.
a person walks down an incline, using handrails on both sides.
a person walking with the help of handrails
a person walks forward holding handrail on either side.
the person is walking around thinking about something.
a person is walking around in a circular pattern.
a man walks forward in a circle.
a person is standing up straight, leans to his right, and then goes back to standing up straight.
the person was pushed from the left.
a man standing leans slightly to the left.
a person walks backwards a few steps.
a man quickly steps backward.
person is walking backwards and then stops
a person is doing warm up exercises
a person stretches their left arm over their head, with their right hand on their hip.
the person is doing upper body warm-ups.
a figure is driving along.
a person is motioning both their hands forward up and down
a person driving a car and taking a left turn
a figure walks down and right to stare at a wall
person walks forward and to the left
a person casually walks, curving to the left.
a person walks forward 2 steps, then makes a 180⁰ turn to his left by swinging his right leg around.
a person walks straight then turns around.
a person walks forward from one side to the other, then turns around and goes back to the original side.
the person jumps, sticking out both legs from center body, while waving both arms above the head and then back to starting position.
person does start jump then does a slight jump  then lowers for squat then jumps then does a second squat
the person is jumping with their hands up.
a person makes a spinning motion in a clockwise direction with their right hand
a person wipes in a circular movement with right hand.
a person rotates their right hand and arm in a clockwise motion in front of themselves parallel to the floor.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four very slow steps forward.
the person walks forward, somewhat slowly.
the person walks forward very slow
a man takes a big step forward with his right foot first
the person is cleaning something.
a man takes one large step forward and to his right.
a person walks to the left side and stands.
a person is turning to the right then stops
the person is walking in making a right turn.
the man turns left calmly
a person is walking, turns around and then walks back
the person look forward and then turned around to the left.
a person is jogging and then lowers his arms.
a person moves in a running pattern, bouncing from leg to leg with arms held at waist level, and the stops and stands in neutral position.
a person is jogging in place.
the person is walking forward holding onto the handrail.
a person slowly walks forward on a straight, narrow line.
a person slowly walked forward whle grabbing something
a person is standing and moves arms in a way that looks like they are picking something up and taking a drink or a bite
moving hands side to side.
person opens a drink, takes a sip, and walks backward
person is waving with right hand
person raises left arm overhead and waves it side to side.
a person stretches their left arm above their head multiple times.
a person jumps in the air while turning 360 degrees.
a person jumping and twisting in the air.
the person is jumping twisting around and standing.
a person strafes from side to side.
a person uses his right leg to slide to the right and then uses his left leg to slide to the left.
a person step crosses to the right and then back to the left.
a person shakes their right arm and then stretches to the left side.
a person does a boxing maneuver.
looks like he is shaking dice in right hand and then raises that hand toward the left
a person walks straight forward, pauses, and then begins walking again before pausing once more.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes two steps forward and stops, then takes three steps forward while dragging his left leg before he turns to his left.
person takes a few steps forward then stops then continue to walk forward then stops then appears to look back into the left.
a person walks forward then turn right then walks forward again.
a person walks to his right.
the person was walking and turned right.
a person is extending both their arms forward.
the sim has both arms extended fully, before bring their arms down in front of them appearing to grab a steering wheel.
a person puts both arms in front.
a person holds something heavy above their head and squats.
a person squats with a barbell on their back.
a person squats while holding something above their head.
a man claps his hands 5 times.
a man stands and claps his hands together.
a man is clapping whilst standing up
the man squats and moves his right arm on a clockwise circle and reaches up with his left.
person is turning a steering wheel.
a person is in a deep-seated position and is moving both hands and a wide circular direction.
the person is throwing with both hands.
a person takes a step forward with right foot and has both hands over their head, throwing an object forward.
a person hits an object over their head with both hands.
a person jumps slightly up and down with feet a part and arms held outstretched to the sides, raised slightly
a person gently bounces up and down.
a person hops off the ground gently.
the person is standing still, they lift their arms to the side, bring them down and then to the front of them
a person holding both of their arms at their sides lifts both arms up to point in front of them, and then lowers them back down to their sides.
arms rest at side, then reach forward.
a person runs to the right then quickly to the left.
figure appears to be juking left
person appears to be playing basketball.
a person walks forward a few steps, then smoothly turns on their right foot to walk the other way.
a person walks forward, spins around, and walks back.
a person moves forward and spins on their heel turning around.
a person walks forward in an "s" shape with a fast pace.
the person is walking a zigzag lee down a hill.
a person takes large, swinging steps back and forth in an "s" line.
stretching leg while standing still.
the person takes a step forward then reaches back with their left hand and grabs their left foot behind them to stretch out their quad muscle, reaching straight out with the right hand to steady themselves on a wall.
a person stretches and holds their left leg.
arms tuck in moving back and forth and then extend out, moving in and out.
the person is doing an arm warm-up exercise.
a person is doing warm ups.
a squatting person holds their right arm out.
the man is wiping his arms
a man raises both arms, drops his left, waits a while, then drops his right.
a person climbs down something.
a person slightly jogs in a somewhat straight line.
a person runs fast, in a forwards but off centre direction before stopping.
a person is standing and jumps backward.
the person took a step and jump backwards.
a person jumps backward.
a person is walking in a circle in the anticlockwise direction
a person slowly walked by making the circle
the person walks in a counterclockwise oval.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks forward without moving his arms.
a man calmly walks forward standing straight up with hands down to his sides.
a person pacing back and forth.
a figure walks with their head down first to the left and then to the right, pacing
a person paces left then right, then turns and stops facing foward.
person is making stepping motion in place
a person person walks up something.
walking forward and stomping feet.
the person was facing forward and put his hands together.
a person stayed straight at the same place
a person holds their hands close together in front of them and appears to set something down.
a person casually takes a few steps forward, walks backwards, turns around, and then walks forward in a clockwise square
a person walking in a very hopping mannerism
the person is walking to the left .
a person is sprinting forward.
a person runs forward at speed.
a person runs forward quickly.
a man lowers his arms and turns his neck in a counterclockwise way
a person turns their head side to side, then in circles.
i personally had his arms straight out then put them down by his side.
a man walks to his left.
a person briskly walks and comes to an abrupt stop
a person person walks to the left side.
the person has joking back-and-forth from the left to the right.
a person ran n left adn after rigth direction and returned
a person takes a couple jog steps to their left and then turns around to jog the other way, turns around one more time to jog back to original position.
the person went to make a shot but faith that and then ran away dribbling the ball.
the man fakes a shot then fast breaks to the right.
a person picks something up, then runs
the person is jogging forward on a treadmill.
a person runs on a treadmill.
the man is jogging in place.
a person who is standing takes ten steps forward without bending his knees.
he does the stiff walk
i man stiffly walks forward using very small steps without bending his knees.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace, then turns around clockwise.
a person walks forward and turns around.
the person was walking normally.
a person raises both hands above their head
the person holds their hands above their head and sways, as if expecting to catch something.
a person tosses something upwards with both hands.
the man walks forward, pivot on the left foot to face other direction, walks back to original starting point.
a person walks forward spins to the left then walks back
a person walks forward, spins around on his left leg then walks back in the direction he came from
a person bends over and bows deeply then rises.
a person bent the body
the man bend over at 360 degree then went back standing straight
a person walked forward, while turned
the man turns and walks backwards
this person appears to be surprised, walks backwards then turns to walk right.
a person walks backward in a straight path.
a person slowly walked backwards
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person is sitting and makes slight movements of his hands
a person is squatting down.
a person is sitting or squatting and makes motions towards their head with their left hand.
a man takes one step to the left.
takes big side step to the right.
someone with their arms to their side walks one step front-right before stopping.
person is making a basketball move
a person runs curving right.
a person runs towards the left, then towards the right.
a person lifts their left arm and holds their head for a moment before lowering it again.
a person salutes using their left arm.
the person is scratching his head.
a man gets on all fours and crawls around and gets back up.
the figure kneels down and begins to crawl on their hands and knees before standing back upright.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling around.
this person uses both hands as if to mold something.
a person puts something in a container, covers it with something and pats it.
a person uses his hands to pack a box
a person slowly walked forward
a man walks forward with a slight arc to the left.
the person is walking towards the left.
a man is standing still then brings his left arm up to touchhis face then brings it back down
person stands still then lifts left hand up to mouth area
a person raises their left hand to their face and then lowers their hand.
a person is pushed hard to their left and they recover into a standing position.
someone is pushed and stumbles to the left.
a person gets pushed to the left
a person appears to be jogging.
a person running forward and stops.
a man is jogging forward, swinging his arms from front to back.
the person is walking forward turning left.
a person walks in a curve to the left.
a person walks forward then turns to  the right
she carefully sliced some of the zucchini and then backed away from the table.
a man walks forward and picks up an item with his right hand.
person cuts something then sets it aside
a person walks forward while holding a handrail in their right hand.
the person walks forward at a moderate pace while supporting them selves on a surface to their right with their outstreched right arm. they push off the surface a second time before walking slightly away from the surface they used for support.
a figure walks rubbing their hand on a wall.
a figure opens a door
someone quickly moves their right arm
a person punches forward with his right arm
a person does a high kick with their right leg.
a person takes a step forward and kick once with their right leg
a person performing a side front kick with his/her right leg
a person walks forward then turns around and takes long jumps.
a person walks forward then turn around then starts to jump back.
a person walks forward and turns around to jump.
the person was taking a left drive and then to the right.
a person runs to their right and then curves to the left and continues to run then stops.
a person running to the right
the person sidesteps to their left, then moves back to theuir starting position.
a person steps to the left side of them and steps back
a person takes a couple steps diagonally and then comes back forward.
a person swift the upper codre body, and start to stretch it
this person twist at the hips and bends left to right with arms extended.
spinning body from side to side while raising arms.
a person raises both hands and pushes outward, then return hands to a downward starting position. the person the puts both hands on hips, and return them to sides one more time before slightly crossing both arms.
a person puts their hands out forward, down on their hips, down, crossed, and then down.
a person makes a "stop" signal with his hands, places hands on hips then brings hands out in front of him.
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something with right hand
walking then petting invisible dog
the person leaned over and cleaned up some thing.
a person walking forward five steps starting with the right foot and a slight sway of the shoulders as they walk.
a person walks forward with both arms not swinging at their side
the person  is walking on a balance beam.
moving arms up and down near face.
the person is playing the drums with both hands.
person jerks both hands up and down while turning to the left and then right slightly.
a figure stretches their biceps and shoulders by crossing one arm over the other
a man stretches his right arm by holding it with his left.
a person crosses their right arm across their body and uses their left forearm to pull the right arm closer to the body in a stretch.
a person shuffles to the right side then back to the left side.
a person shuffles to the right and then left
the person was pushed from the last i did not fall down.
a man stands in a squatting position while facing the camera, arms out wide to his left and right, then brings his arms down to his sides, and returns them to their outright position after pausing.
a person stands at a slight squat with his arms outreached at his sides and then lowers them to knee-level.
the man lowers his outreached hands to his knees as he squats down.
the person is jogging in place.
person is running in place
a person is jogging briskly, and stops.
a person starts lightly jogging, then stops.
a person quickly jogs forward.
a person runs forward fast.
a person flexes their right arm with their left arm bent inward.
a person raises their right hand to their right shoulder.
a person lifting dumb bells with his right hand.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides raises his right arm and vigorously waves his right hand to the center, to his right and to his left.
a person is waving vigourusly
a person stands on their hands and performs a split.
a person does a handstand.
a person does a hand stand and spreads his legs.
a person swiftly moves to the left then moves to the right
a person staggers left, then returns to their original position.
the person walks to their right and back to their left while facing forward
a person jumps forward with two legs and lands on both of his legs at the same time.
a person takes one jump forward
a man takes one big jump forward.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forward and stops in place.
a person  slowly walked forward
hop turn left 270 degrees in the air
a person hops and spins around in the air three quarters of a full turn.
a person facing forward jumps and turns three fourths of the way in a circle landing on the left side.
a figure does the macarena dance
the person practices doing the macarena
person is doing a dance
a man takes two steps backwards, briefly sets down, stands back up, and takes a step forward.
the person decided to sit down.
a man walks backwards, sits in a chair and then gets back up again.
a person thinking in a crouched over position
this person is crouched with knees bent and arms bent.
the person is seen to rest their arms on the knee
a person slowly walked forward
the guy is walking forward.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person does a high kick and then jumps into the air.
a person takes two steps back, comes forward one foot and performs a right leg high kick then jumps up and down in place, takes a step back and throws both arms up to the side in 'wingspan" stance at height of head..
person moves forward extending right leg and bringing left hand to chest. they then step back and jump once.
someone runs slow and stops
a person jogs forward a few steps.
the person is starting forward.
a person walks towards the right side.
a man walks in a quarter circle to the left
a person walks forward and curves right as they walk
the person is wiping their forehead
the left hand goes to the face and the shoulders shrug.
a person lifts their left arm up near shoulder height with elbow slightly bent and then lowers it back down.
both arms are lifted up so the hands meet the shoulders.
a person raises both hands to shoulder level and then lowers their hands to their sides.
person bends both arms towards chest and back bends it back straight
the person pick something up and tilted to the side and then set it back down.
a figure lifts something then either pours or places it on a nearby shelf to the right
person opens drawer, picks something up, and puts it back in
the person is running fast to the right.
a man runs while turning slightly to the left.
a person runs from side to side fast.
the person raises both hands, then lowers their left hand.
a person throwing both hands
a man reaches both of his arms up in the air.
a man quickly walks forward.
a person runs straight forward.
a person quickly runs forward.
a person moving body parts in a questionable fashion
the girl spins slowly on her left foot in a clockwise fashion.
the person took his left hand in his right and did a circle swing twice.  then he let them go in mid air outstretched his hands and then let them fall back into place.
a person walks steadily forwards
a person walks straight forward in a line.
a soccer team kicks hard, going forword with the ball, left and right they go.
a person walks forward.
a person is continuously walking at a moderate speed with high energy.
the person is walking normally.
this person is jogging left to right and back again.
the person is jogging back-and-forth.
a person ran into right and left directions
someone standing and tries to bend his right hand ,cleans his palm as he moves forward and backward
the person is closing a box.
a person picks something up off the ground and puts it on a table/surface in front of him,.
a person leans slightly to their right using their right arm. person begins to walk diagonally towards the lower right area of the screen.
someone leans down on the right side and starts walking
person bends a little to the right and then walks forward
person walking unsteadily in forward motion
a person takes wide steps staggering forward.
person walks forwards purposefully, taking large, exaggerated strides, as if trying to step on certain things.
the person is dancing the waltz.
a person is doing the waltz dance
a person is dancing, arms held up as to hold another person's shoulders, moving back and forth in a counterclockwise pattern.
a standing man waves with his right hand.
person standing uses right hand to wave hello
the man waves with his right hand.
a person waves his left hand.
a person raises left hand to forehead, waves it to the left direction in the air, retracts, and drop it down.
a person lifts up and waves with their left hand
the person is itching and scratching all over.
he calls with his left hand
the person is making a phone call with his left hand.
person person was walking forward in the straight line
a person walks forward and poses.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four steps forward and stops.
a person raising a picture from the ground, placing it on a wall and adjusting the fit.
a person picks something off the ground, puts in on the wall and then adjusts it.
the person is in the picture on the wall.
the figure lifts both arms above its head in a stretching motion
person raises both arms in the air, and delivers air punch.
someone raises both arms above their head and slightly jumps in a cheering motion .
a person dodge something with head
the person with their arms up dodges what appears to be a punch.
the person is in a stance and moves its red leg forward like its fighting.
a man strides forward up a few stairs.
a person stumbles forward a few steps.
the persin is walking very quickly forward.
a man turns to his left and brings his hands up to touch in front of his chest as he kicks something with his left leg.
a person puts their hands together and kicks their right foot.
a person standing up puts their hands together at clavicle height level, then performs a low velocity kick with their right leg one time.
a person pushes an object into the ground with his right hand.
person steps forward with the right leg and bends down to pick something up from the ground with their right hand
a person bends down as if to pick something off the floor, then stands back up.
the person is walking holding his head.
a figure paces while on the phone.
a person walks around while talking on their phone.
robot start walking forward while touching handrail with his right hand.
the person was walking forward holding onto her rail.
a person walks forward and uses his right hand to steady himself.
a person stretches both arms above their head
a person raises both hands above their head, then lowers them to starting position.
person reaches straight into the air, then puts arms back to their sides.
a man is holding something in both hands and his right arm starts moving.
a man stands, bends foward looking down and then moves his right hand trying to scratch his body.
a person standing bends over and scratches
a man does a jump and falls to the ground face first.
a person jumping high and falling on his face
a person aggresively jumps up and then falls flat on the ground.
a person walks straight then walks in a diagonal line to the right.
a person walks to his right and stops.
a person walks forward and then turns to walk in a curve to the right.
the man is walking steadily not fast but not slow ,swinging his arms down word right to left right to left one foot in front of the other now one foot in front of the other.
a person tries to walk in a straight line
figure walks forward, stumbles and rights themself
a person looks through binoculars
a person calls out for someone
a man holds an object to his face with both hands while moving his upper body from left to right.
a person raises his right arm over his head and then his left arm over his head
this person raises his right arm high as if to reach and repeat with his left arm.
a person raises arm to the sky, bends elbow, pumps fist back up to straighten arm again, and then repeats with the other arm.
a person slaps out in front of them.
the person waves his right hand around
a person stands still and uses their right hand to slash at the air
a person kneels down.
a person kneels on the ground
person got down on their knees.
the person is doing jumping jacks
a person jumping in place and spreading legs and arms.
a person does jumping jacks for some seconds.
subject starts facing forward then turns 180 degrees by pivoting on his left foot and slowly moving in a clockwise rotation
a person slowly rotates their stance counter clockwise
a person is looking up around them.
guy turns like going to throw a pitch and stomps right foot twice
person does a low kick
the person holds something in both hands and kicks their right leg out
the man leans down and picks up something heavy with both hand over his head.  he then throws the object in front of him using both arms.
a person picks up a heavy object and throws it with both hands.
a person slowly walked backwards and grabbed something and return
a person walks down a path taking 3 meaningful steps.
this person is walking forward.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person throws an object to their right with their right hand and then catches an object that was thrown at them.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides turns to his right, reaches back with his right arm and throws something, then catches something with both hands and returns to face forward.
a person throws a ball with their right arm above their head.
a person jogging or running forwards
a figure runs forward four steps.
person runs five steps forward
with their right arm up at a weird angle as if they are holding something, a person walks towards the screen.
a person slowly walked forward
a person is walking forward.
the person squats down and then leaps forward.
a person widely jumped forward
a man is standing up, then bends down to take a big jump forward, leaps forward, and then stands back up straight.
a person does a short sprint and stops and then starts sprinting again
a man quickly runs forward, stops briefly then runs again.
a person pauses while running.
man stands pivoting on right foot holding up left leg with both arms stretched open trying to keep balance.
the person is balancing on his right foot.
a person is balancing with their left leg.
a person who seems to be playing guitar
the person is playing a guitar.
wave arm around near chest.
a person is mimicking a mime.
the person is skimming a wall.
a man walks from left to right,raises his hands and pushes something ,moves to the left side and then bends trying to dodge something.
a person swings their left arm out in front of them.
person is throwing a baseball towards other person
a person returns a tennis ball, left-handed, using an overhead smash technique.
a person is moving is right leg and making dance steps.
a person kicks out with their right foot
a person kicks lightly with right foot.
a man walking in a zig zag motion.
a man walks forward taking a step before wife stepping to his left and then to his right in a zig zag pattern.
a person erratically walks forward in a zigzag.
a man raises and then lowers his right arm
a person lifts right arm and lowers it.
person is posing for a photograph with someone.
a person walks eight steps forward beginning with his right foot.
a person takes several steps forward.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person waves with both arms above their head
a person waves to get someone's attention
a person waves widely with both hands.
the man stands in front of his car and starts washing it in circular motions.
a person makes a circular wiping motion with one hand before stopping.
this person appears to be wiping a surface with his left hand.
the man riases his right hand twice.
person is using a dumbbell with that right hand.
a person lift something with right hand
a person reaches around in front of them with their left hand.
lowering arms from shoulder height then opening a window and reaching in
a person is standing with their arms out to their sides and uses their left arm to make pulling motions, outwards, downwards, and inwards.
person is checking the time
a figure checks the watch on their right wrist
person standing raises their right arm and looks at their wrist.
a man exercising his arms.
a person stretches their arm by diagonally reaching across
a person pivots left and reaches with his right hand
a person raises their hands above their shoulders while bouncing on their toes then stops bouncing and returns their arms to their sides.
the person is bouncing on his feet with his arms in the air.
a person raises both arms above their head and then bounces on their toes.
a person walks towards his right and stops.
a man walks a path that bends to the right.
puts walks forward, then makes slight curve to their right and continues.
a person walks up and then turns around and walk\s back.
a person walks left, spins around and begins walking.
the person walked straight in front of them and then turned to the left
a person steps to their right and puts their right arm in the air.
a person stands tall and salutes
the person raises their hand as if saluting.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the man walks in a clockwise direction in a circle and then stops three fourths of the way.
a person quickly walks in an incomplete circle.
a person walks around in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person quickly walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person walks around in a circle.
a man jumps once then walks horizontally to the side then walks back to the original position.
a person who jumped up and then is pushed
a person is standing still, gets pushed to the left, and then proceeds to walk back to his original position,
a man scratches his head with his right hand.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a standing figure repeatedly touches his head with his hand.
a perso bend the knee and leand to the floor and start walked
a person gets on all fours and crawls forward, then turns around and crawls back.
a person gets down and crawls forward on their hands and feet, then turns around and crawls back before standing back up.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
the man does low kick
a person kicks his left leg.
the person was doing a tough guy walk.
a person swaggers to the front, with their body moving side to side, and then turns around and swaggers back.
the man is walking with a pep in his step
a person jumps up and down.
a person bends his knees and jumps up and down.
a person hops in place three times.
a person runs on the spot, while rotating in a circle.
a person runs in place
a person jogs in place, turns left, then right.
a person leans forward, lowers his arm then turns to the side lowering the other arm, while moving arm back and forth.
a person bends down to pet animals.
a person grabs something from the ground, puts it on their right hand, and wipes an object they then hold with their left hand.
the person takes one large step towards the right
a person is carefully stepping off of something down and to the right.
starting with their right foot the person steps from the right top of the screen forwards to the bottom left.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
doing jumping jacks in place.
a person holds something with their left hand, reach at it with their right hand and lift that to their face repeatedly.
a man brings an object to his face with his right hand.
someone raises food with their right hand to their mouth.
a person puts both hands up.
a person raises his hands in front of his face, holds them there and then drops his hands back down.
a person moves both hands to head.
this person side wide to the left while looking around carefuly.
a person is leaning and checking their surroundings.
a man walks in a clockwise circle
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes eight steps in a clockwise motion and stops.
person briskly walking, almost pacing, in a counter-clockwise direction.
a person walks forward in a curve to the left.
a person walks in a clockwise circular patter to the their left
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a man takes two steps forward, then turns to his right, then turns around and takes two steps back to where he started.
a person walks foward, turns around, and then walks back to their starting position.
a person alternates between striking with their left then right hand.
a person stands and throws alternating punches with his hands, boxing.
a person stands with a wide stance, punches right and left, steps forward with their left foot and punches left right left, steps back, steps forward with right foot and punches left right left.
both arms raise to the right, hit throw
a person performing a golf swing.
a person swings a golf club.
man stands straight up with hands to his sides, bends slightly at the knees and hops two times and then bends further down and jumps up in the air; he repeats this once more.
a person makes a couple of small jumps and then a large jump.
a person takes two short jumps in place and then one high jump in place, and then repeats those actions once more.
person creaps forward a few times legs apart long careful stride and crouched down
the person sneaks while walking in a diagonal
a person creeps forward, hunched over, and stands up after they reached their destination
a person does martial arts kicks with both legs while moving forward.
a person pivots and steps forward, kicks the air, and repeats
a man kicks forward with his left leg then kicks with left leg,then kicks with left right then kicks with left leg.
a person stretches their arms by locking their fingers and straightening the arms forward.
the person stretches their hands forward
figure stands and clasps fingers in prayer position, then turns palms outward in front while hands are still clasped, palms face forward, then hands return to starting position hanging my sides.
a person jumps in the air.
a man takes a step back and takes a jump
this person jumps from a standing position.
the person is walking forward with the cake.
the man is kicking with his right hand
a man kicks something with his right foot.
a person walking in a weird way and then picking something up from the ground
someone saunters forward and picks up something with their right hand.
a person walking loosely and picks something up from the floor.
a man is walking forward and stumbles
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides takes two steps forward, trips, recovers and continues to walk.
begins to walk forward, trips, and then regains balance.
a person walks forward a few paces without moving their arms.
he walks fast forward directly
a person is walking and stops.
a person steps backwards slightly.
a person is standing still then moves backwards
a person trying to recover from a push
a person walks in a clockwise circle while holding an object above their head
a man has his hands up to his head and walks around a room.
the man walks in a circle with his arms in the air.
this person crawls across the floor then stands and walks.
a person who is standing with his hands down by his sides steps back, bends over, gets down on his hands and his knees and crawls before standing back up, walking back two steps and takling his original stance.
the person is crawling across the floor
a person walking forward, pausing, grabbing something with their right arm and placing it down after taking a step back.
a person walks forward, pauses, and steps backwards.
this person steps to the left and waves his right arm then steps back.
raising hands towards mouth while sitting.
a man sits with his knees bent as his bent arms move slightly in the air in front of him.
a person sits and holds both hands up by his head while slightly moving his right hand
the man exercises both arms by bending them repeatedly.
the person is doing arm exercises.
a man thrust his shoulders back-and-forth three times in high position and three times in a low position
person waves with left hand
a person is waving their right hand and then puts it back down
a person waves with their left hand.
a man runs back and forth over a short distance, before returning to his original position.
a person jogging to the right then to the left and back to stand in the original position.
the person is jogging to the left and then jogging to the right.
a person does a squat.
a person crouches down where they were standing.
the person sits down.
the person is thinking about something.
a man standing put head in left hand bent over.
a person sits in great contemplation.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person walks forward and swings right and keeps walking.
the man walks in a clockwise semicircle.
person picked up an object and moved it over
the person walks forward then uses the left hand to pick up something on the right.
a person walking towards his destination within a few steps and reaching over with his/her left hand and placing it on the right area of the desk or table and then steps backwards after
a man standing with his arms on the waist, stretches his right hand forward and placed it back and tries stretching his left.
a man puts his left hand on his hips and reaches forward with his right hand.
a person lifts their right arm and then puts it back down on their hip.
the person is walking forward.
walking towards camera hips swinging lazily.
a person walks forward normally
running forward taking a right turn then running to the left
squat down place your palms on the floor and hop like a frog.
a person jogs forward a few steps, then turns sharply to his right and continues jogging.
the person is mixing something.
moving hands while standing still.
a person shows a friend an iphone picture then walks backwards.
a person standing uses their left hand to touch something on their head and then lowers it.
a man lifts an object to his face with his left hand.
a man lifts his left arm up and appears to be taking a drink of something.
the person uses the handrail to walk up the stairs
a man walks across something and braces himself twice using a handrail on his right in transit.
person walks straight while the right arm assists with the walking
a person waves with their left hand then makes a big wave with both hands.
a person waves with there left hand, then waves with both.
a person waves casually and gradually becomes more erractic.
a person is walking and stops.
the person walks in a crooked line as if it was injured
a person walks forward with stiff legs.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes nine leisurely steps forward, turns 180 degrees and faces in the opposite direction.
a slow graceful walk follows down a catwalk and back up.
a person walks forward in a wavering line for 8 seconds and turns around.
a person jumping in place.
a person jumps in place four times.
a man hops up and down on his toes four times.
a person squats and stretches arms.
the person is stretching whiles squating
the person is extending their arms straight out from their sides. they do this twice.
a person kicks his right leg forward and back and then kicks hid left leg forward and back.
a person is standing, first kicking forward with the right foot, then the left foot as if kicking off one's shoes.
a person is standing still, kicks with his right leg, then kicks with his left leg
a person fast running forward
a person runs forward with both arms swinging at their side
a person fastly ran forward
a person walks to his left.
the person is walking and making a left turn.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
the person steps forward, then turns facing left and steps backwards
a man walks 2 fits and returns to his place
the person is walking forward to turning right.
a person squats to grab something a couple times, then starts to walk in a small circle motion.
bending down and then standing.
a person bends over and touches something with his right hand.
a person does jumping jacks by hopping while extending both legs out to the sides and extending both arms out to the sides and above their head
a person jumps up and down while swinging legs outward and inward,  swinging arms from side to overhead and back to side.
a person does jumping jacks on the spot.
a person jogs to one side, turns around and jogs to the other, turns around and jogs back to their original position.
a person running from left and right
the toon jogs back and forth in a rough figure eight motion.
the person is crawling across the floor.
a person gets on their hands and knees, crawls forward, and then crawls the other way.
a man starts crawling on the floor before turning around and standing up.
person stands in a fighting position and moves feet back and fourth little at  a time
a person is preparing for a fight
the person is turning around to the left.
person staggers forward five steps and nearly trips up
the motion seems to be like they are trying to walk on a balance beem. they then stumble off to their right side and catch themselves with their left foot
the person stumbled on a balance beam.
a man steps forward and then kicks vigorously with his right leg, then backs up to his starting posiiton.
a person kicks out with one leg, and then regains their balance.
the person is doing a kick with the right foot.
a man side steps to the left, then side steps to the right, then side steps to the left to end at the center.
a person walks from the center to the right side, over to the left side, and back to the center with hands down by side
a person side steps to the left, then the right, and then back to the origin.
a figuer appears to be washing windows
a person uses their right arm to wipe a glass window
a person washes windows.
a person moved in left and after in right direction
a man dances as if he has a partner.
the stick figure is dancing, it looks like he is waltzing.
the man turns to the right and takes 5 steps.
a person walks to the right.
person turns and takes 5 steps walking to the right
person looks as though he starts to fall but does not
person is performing the back stroke
swimming on his back slowly.
the person is standing still posing like a zombie.
a person leans forward and lets arms hang down, then raises both arms
a person stands still with their arms held loosely in front of them
the person is walking across the floor sad
a person walks to the right
person turns to their right and walks forward
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
a man walks clockwise in a circle.
a person has both hands together.
a person holds their hands together and acts like a mouse.
the person puts their hands together while slightly crouched, rubs their face with their right hand, and then moves their hand in a circular motion together.
a man walks forward with arms swaying at his side.
person casually swings arms slightly while walking forward.
the person is walking forward diagonally.
a person raises their arms and performs stretching movements.
the person is doing to arm stretches.
a person swing the upper core body while raised the hands
a person is being pushed from behind hard and he moves forward.
a person takes one step forward.
a man is standing still and then takes a step forward.
a person warms up with both arms.
a person stretches their arms out to stretch their chest muscles.
whilst standing still, a person holds their arms out to horizontal to their body and then brings them forward bending their elbows, they touch hands and then repeat the action.
jumping up and down once.
a man jumps and throws both his hands up in the air.
a person jumps forward
a person checks the watch on their left arm.
a man putting his right hand over his left and swaying his shoulders from side to side.
a person raises both their hands to its chest.
the sim is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with the right hand.
a person lifts a weight with their right hand
a man walks in a circle.
a person slowly walked by making the circle
a person walks in a complete counter-clockwise circle.
a person walks towards the camera turning right slowly.
a person walks to the right.
someone walks to the right clockwise
a person sits their motion stutters
a person starts sitting down.
person sat down on the ground.
a person walks forward and to the right in a quarter circle
a person walks a path that bends to the right.
a person with his hands at his sides takes four steps forward as he moves to his right.
the person was getting into a golf stance
person bends down then proceeds to pretend throw something underhand
a person lowers their arms and bends their knees while arching the back.
the body tiredly walks in a slight bend right to left.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person walks a short distance while turning to their right
a person dances side to side while extending and descending their left arm first, then their right arm, followed by a turning motion with another extension of the right arm.
a person is doing a dance while shifting between both arm positions and turning around.
a person kicks their legs out while moving their arms and body as if they were dancing.
a person holds out their right hand.
moving arm forward then stopping.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides extends his right arm in front of his body, then drops his right arm and resumes his original position.
a person hops forward then turns around and hops back past where they started.
a person stepping in zig-zag like motion and hopping away while alternating legs
a person scampers forward and to his right, turns around, and scampers in the other direction.
kirsten said down and cross both legs in a squat.
the sim crouches with both legs crossed, not sitting but standing back up.
a person puts the left foot behind their right foot and squats to the ground for two seconds then stands back up.
a person walks up steps while holding something with their right hand for balance.
a person walks up something while holding something with its right hand.
a person walks up stairs holding the railing with their right hand.
this person walks forward but catches himself after stumbling.
the man walks he is turn in his left and walk.
a person walking forward is shoved mid step, he recovers his balance
person curls both hands in front of them, bending at the elbow.
a person bends at his elbows to lift dumbbells.
person is doing bicep curls
a person jogs from side to side, before stopping in the middle.
the person is jogging back and forth.
person is running back and forth
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
the person walk forward and then turned right.
a figure walks forward then spins on their heel to walk back
a person sways while walking.
a person is walking forward.
person walking in a straight line
a person rotates in a counterclockwise motion
the person is moving his head around
a person acts like a dinosaur.
the person moves backwards as if pushed by someone in front of them.
a person loses balance and walks backwards to the right.
person stumbles to their left back diagonal.
a person steps forward and to his right hand side.
a person is taking a big step over something with their right foot
a man takes one long step diagonally to the left.
looks like someone is knocking on a door and pacing around while they wait.
a person walked backwards and returned
a person raises their arms then walks backwards and forwards.
a person trips forward slightly.
a person pushes an object forcefully.
a person is pushed forward one step.
a man walks in a semi-circle with his hands swaying on both sides.
a person walks counter clockwise for 3/4 of a circle.
a person walks counter-clockwise in a circle.
a person walks forwards, which looks like they are walking on an incline.
this person is walking over something.
a person steps up, takes three steps forward and steps down.
the person was running to the right.
a person who is standing pivots to the left then dashes to his right.
a person quickly lunges to the right then pivots and runs to the left.
a man walks forwards towards the camera while sliding to the left and back.
a person is walking forwards and then slides to the left
the person was being pushed from the right side.
a person is jogging in place.
the sim is jogging at a decently moderate pace.
the person runs a few steps in place.
this person is stretching with left arm raised high.
a person with their left hand strait in the air tilts left and right quickly
the person is warming up for a workout
a person takes a few steps back , walks forward and does a handstand. he then falls back onto his feet.
the person is trying to do a handstand.
a person attempts to do handstand and struggles with balance.
a person walking forward to a point and stops looking for some instructions.
a person slowly walks forward, starting with his right foot, then stops and as he stops his hands gently rock forward and back.
someone strides confidently forward in a straight line.
a person spins in a clockwise circle
a person quickly walks in a circle with right arm raised and left arm lowered.
person is doing the whip.
a man swings his arms as he steps forward heavily, then turns and walks back.
a person walks forward with arms swinging at his sides, turns around and walks back.
a man walks to the end of the room and back to the original spot whilst move his arms up and down.
a person is standing but motions as if they are swimming.
the person stand with their arms stretched outward, then brings them down and moves as if they are swimming
a person begins stance with arms outstretched on either side, then makes swimming motions with his hands.
a figure jogs in place
a man jogs in place.
a person runs on the spot.
this person has both hands in front of his face moving them in circles.
a person is waving his hands in front of him.
a person moves around their wrists in front of their face while coordinating with their ankles.
a person steps out, turns towards his left and starts jumping.
a person turns left and jumps rope.
a man is jumping up and down.
a person lifts something up and to the side to look under it and puts the item back down.
a person picks up two objects, pours something from the left object into the right object, and then sets them back down.
a person lifts object on to its side from left to right.
the person walks forward in a slight diagonal
person at stand still moves forward seven steps
a person walks forward normally
the person to step in to the left clean over something.
stepping to the side once.
this person takes a large step to the left.
the person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, slowly.
the man raises his right hand twice.
a man lifts an object twice with his right arm.
leaning in a little he does two curls with a dumbbell, using his right arm
a standing person using both of their hands to lean down and making a motion as if they were picking up an object that requires both hands
the figure seems to be moving an item from the left to the right
a person reaches to their left with both hands, straightens then moves their hands and arms to their right, placing something down.
the person is walking towards the left.
a person walks forward, curving to their left.
a person walks towards the left and then stops.
a person walks backwards on their toes.
a person is walking backwards.
a person who is standing slowly moves backwards as he takes twelve careful steps and stops.
the person takes a swing with the baseball bat
character is standing at an angular position making the motion as to be swinging a baseball bat.
a person swings a bat to their right twice.
i man runs forward and does a summersalt and lands perfectly.
a person moves in a forward motion from their feet onto their hands, and then brings their feet over their body to land back on their feet,
a man does a perfect cartwheel.
a person throws something with their right hand hard
the person steps forwards with his left foot, raises his right arm, and throws something.
a person throw something with right hand
doing a cartwheel then jumping up and down.
a person cartwheels then does back handsprings
a person does cartwheels and backflips.
moving and unbalance on the legs.
a person begins walking forward then stumbles forward to the right, then back to the left as if they were walking drunk.
a person who has his hands by his sides takes two steps, slips and slides to his right, recovers and walks to this left.
a person stretches their arms above their head while jumping up in the air
person jumps and raises hands high
a person jumps up then down.
a man is sitting with his legs apart and knees bent, with his left arm bent near his head, before lowering it to his side.
person sitting raises right hand as though answering a cellphone call, then puts phone back in jacket pocket
the person picked up the phone and made a call and then put the phone back.
person steps forward with their left foot and kicks with their right.
a person walks forward and kicks with their right foot before stepping back.
a person kicks something with their right foot.
the person is walking while carrying something.
a person walks carefully around the floor, holding a large object.
a person carries an item with both hands to the right and then returns.
the man is doing dance waltz
the man dances a box step twice.
a person dances a waltz.
a lanky person walks forward.
a person is standing and starts walking.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
person walks forward and veers to the right
figure appears to be walking slightly into the right
a man bends down,lowers his right hand to grabs something for support ,kneels down with both legs and then puts it aside.
a man standing still straight up, then bending down kneeling on the right knee first then the left knee onto the ground.
the person is nailing down onto his right hand.
a person walks forward.
person is walking forward but not walking in a straight line.
a person walks forward.
a person walks while slightly turning clockwise.
a person slowy walked forward and in right direction
a person walks around in a cirlce
person is walking counter clock wise .
a person walks in a complete circle to their left.
the person is doing a cart wheel.
a figure extends his arms and legs, rolls forward in a cartwheel and lands back in an upright position
a person does a cartwheel
a person bends both arms at the elbows and shoves the shoulders backwards several times.
a person lifts their arms up to shoulder hight and with their elbows bent they move their hands back amd forth.
the man is warming up the pectoral
the person is drinking out of a bottle with his left hand.
person removes lid from what would be a bottle in the left hand and takes a drink of it
the person drinks juice from the bottle
person is making a basketball move
person brings both hands together and swings them in a circle around in front of him, before suddenly dashing forwards.
person faked someone out and then rn away.
a figure throws with their right hand then perhaps catches
someone swats his hand and then claps.
a man is throwing the basket ball.
an exuberant man does a russian dance.
a person raised right and left hand while jumping
the person performs a russian folk dance.
a person leans right while stretching their left arm.
a person doing an overhead reach stretch by extending their left side towards their right side
a person doing a right side body leaning stretch or warm up
the person struggles to walk straight
a person takes three steps forward, loses balance, and briefly falters on their right leg, then left leg, before recovering balance
a man walks forward normally, looses balance and leans clos to the ground to the right then leans close to the ground to the left, back to the right and continues walking forward standing straight up.
a person walks for side to side.
the man paces back and forth.
a person paces to the right, to the left, and then back to the origin.
a person is dancing in a circle clockwise
a person dancing and walking in a circular motion.
a person dances in a circle to the right while waving their right arm.
a figure appears to smoke a cigarette
person is drinking from a cup with his right hand.
a person lifts their right hand up to their head and drinks something, then lowers the hand back down.
person is walking and veering right
a person takes one large step to the side and brings their feet back together.
a person stands in place and then steps quickly to the left.
walking to the side once.
a person walks forward and avoids a line drawn on the ground by stepping around it.
a person walks forward in a rough s-shape starting with normal steps and then taking larger steps that swing out wide to the side as if trying to avoid stepping on something.
a person is walking on uneven terrain or stones, and they seem to speed up slightly toward the end as though coming down in elevation.
person stands still, then lifts right arm to wave hand back and forth at the screen like a greeting.
a person waves their right hand three times.
a person raises their right arm and waves.
a person walks and picks something up, then walks back to the starting position and cleans an object.
a person walks non chantly over, reaches out as to take something, turns and walks back, stops, turns and moves hand in small circular motion as if stirring.
a person walks around the room and touches something with his right hand.
he stands to walk backwards
a individual walks backward a few steps.
a person is waslking backwards
a person raises their left hand then their right then sets them down.
the sim appears to use their right hand to secure the left one then checking their watch.
a person looks at his left hand.
a figure walks towards a wall and stares, confined.
walking in a diagonal line.
a person walks in a curve to the right.
a person quickly waves with their right hand
a man knocking with his right hand.
a person waves with their right hand happily.
the sim is doing ballet, twirls then into a pose.
the person does a quick ballet dance.
the man is doing small dances
a person stands with arms slightly outstretched at their sides and walks forward while using his left arm to hold on to something to guide him.
a person walks as if using their left arm to balance themselves with a rail .
a figure walks forward, one arm reaching out to touch a surface as if to steady himself or push off.
a figure skater jumps and then continues skating.
person jumps once then walks forward
a person swings their arms and jumps straight up and down, then runs two steps froward.
a person runs forward taking very wide steps.
a standing person runs forward in a slow side to side motion
person is running in forward motion
a person walking up an elevated floor.
a person is limping on their left foot.
walking straight slowly few steps
a person  lifts their hands from their knees and then puts them back.
the curse of his crouching with their hands on their knees.
a person stands still, then raises their arms up and out, and then brings them back down.
a person is walking forward.
a person stumbles forward steadily
a person walks forward, wobbles, then continues to walk forward
a standing person wipes a table with their right hand in a clockwise motion.
a person is wiping a surface
the toon is standing still, raising their right and making a circular motion before resting once again at their side.
the person was pushed backwards but did not fall.
a person steps forward, gets shoved to the left, and then walks to the right and stops
a walking person is pushed by an unseen force, but they recover and continue on their way.
a person steps to the right
he does a recovery stepping
a person takes a large step backwards and to the right.
the man looks at his wrist.
a person raised the right hand
a person acts like they are checking time on a watch.
a man moves an object in front of his face and above his head.
this person raises his right hand above his head.
the person waves hands then lifts the red hand.
the right hand hooks upward.
a person swings a right hook upwards above their head.
a person uses their right hand to do an uppercut
a person drinks with their right hand.
figure appears to be drinking from it's right hand
left hand goes over head
he does a bend right
a person steps forward, turning to his right as he does, before stopping in a standing position.
a person walks forward, curving to their right
a person strafes to the right.
a person does horizontal jumps to the right.
a person quickly side steps to his right.
user is bouncing with feet on ground and pushes hands out slightly
he does the misk slowly
a person dances casually using their arms and legs to move to the beat.
the person is moving their right hand around while sitting or crouching.
a worker with one leg on a platform appears to pull on something.
he is eating with his fingers
a person walks backwards and stops.
the man is on seesaw
a person walking in a weird way backwards
a man is standing still, jogs on the spot, then stands still again
this person is jogging in place.
a person jogs on the spot.
a person walks straight back.
person is walking straight backwards.
the man takes 4 steps backwards.
lifting a container and pouring out the contents
a man picks something up and moves it to the left hand side of the screen to the right hand side
person reaches to their right side and grabs something then crosses body and sets or drops it on the left side.
person is walking forward while leaning on something with the left arm, then they stop and bring their arms out to the side
a person walks forward as if they need support while using his left hand to help walk.
person is walking forward with their heads on the table.
a person holds their right hand out in front of them, before dropping it to their side and stepping backwards once.
a person lefts left hand towards face and steps back
a person is putting their right hand flat up
a person walks forward while twisting their torso and swinging their arms from side to side.
the person walks forward while swinging their shoulders
a person walks forward while moving their arms around as if to stretch them out.
a person is pushed backward on his left side.
a person gets pushed backwards
a man takes a step back
a person is punching with their right hand.
a person pulls back and then throws a punch with his right hand, all in slow motion.
a man slow stretches out his right arm in front of him.
a person waves bye bye.
a person waves with the right hand.
a person waves with their right hand.
the person runs while dribbling the basketball
a person sprints and runs to the left.
a person runs fast in an anti clockwise direction.
a person walks in a figure 8 facing left.
a person walks around in a circle from left to right and creates the number 8.
a person walks in an almost perfect figure-8 pattern.
a person crawls around like a monkey then stands back up.
a man bends down and walks on all four limbs to the left then to the right.
being walks invertably downwards, imitating a four legged being.
a person raises their right foot and stomps it on the ground
a person stomps his right foot into the ground
a person raises their right foot and brings it down quickly.
a man is crouching then raises his left hand to his head the lowers it back down.
a person is squat down slowly raising his left arm up, then fully raising up towards his head.
a person is in a squatting position for the whole clip and raises their left arm as if they were taking a drink for five seconds and then lowers arm as if setting a cup down.
person moves left hand over head while bending on right side
a person stretches their right arm up and stretches it over their head.
a person is stretching their right arm over their head while bending to the left.
a person lowers their arms and then jogs in place
arms out, the person puts their arms in and runs in place before stopping and coming to a rest facing forward.
a person puts their arms down and runs.
through some thing and chash some thing.
moving to the side and throwing something.
a man takes a step back with his right foot, and makes a throwing motion with his right hand.
the person pretends to be a t-rex
walks forward with arms set in middle and then bends.
a person picks something up with their arms close to their chest.
a person takes one large step backwards.
the person was pushed backwards.
walking backwards in a diagonal line.
a person jumped while raised the hands
a person jumps with their hands above their head like jumping jacks
a figure does jumping jacks
walking to the side then sitting down and walking back.
person backed up and sat down
a person steps backwards, then sits down, gets back up and walks to the right.
a person walks towards the right side, while waving both their arms.
a figure walks forward while gesturing cockily and with frustration
the person is walking forward shaking his hands around.
i man walks forward kicks something then raises his hands in celebration and walks in a figure 8 pattern and drops to his knees.
the person danced with excitement when he made the soccer goal.
a person kicks something with their right foot and then celebrates.
person puts hands on head then chest then knees then toes
a person brings their hands to their face, before crossing their arms at their chest in an x
a person does head, shoulders, knees, and toes.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a person walks clockwise slowly.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks slowly down stairs.
a person is walking down a set of stairs.
the toon is walking down a short plane at normal speed.
a person walking quickly forward but slightly to their left
a person walks diagonally toward their left at a fast pace then comes to a halt
the sim walks down the plane.
a person curls his left arm up toward his shoulder twice.
person is raises left arm  and then raises ir again straight up
person holds left arm up and makes curling motions.
a person lifts their left arm up, twitches a bit, then brings their right arm up while putting their left arm down.
the young boy quickly stands up and runs rapidly forward towards the door.
a person stretches their arms alternatively over their head.
a person runs slightly to the left.
a person is running straight.
someone running very quickly forward
the person bent down and dodge something towards the left.
the person dodges something that was going to hit their head, then walks around and bends down a little and holds their head.
bending down and walking around.
the man steps up something steep.
a person walking up an elevated surface
the person is walking upstairs.
a person lifts their right arm, to their head, then to the right before dropping the arm again.
a man lifts his right arm from his side, raising it up over his head in a wide circle before bringing it back to his side.
a person moves his right arm in the air.
a person walks straight forward and then turns to the right.
a person walks forward, turns, and then walks straight in another direction.
a person slowly walked forward and in right direction
person starts a run jumps and spins around then lands on left foot and comes to a standing postion.
a figure jumps and kicks out their legs while rotating their body 360 degrees.
the person jumped with the kick spin.
a person does a side step to the left
a person moved in left direction
the person moves one step to the right.
a person picks something up on the left and moves it to the right.
a person picking something up from the left and moves it to the right
person is placing  something from the left to the right.
a person sways their hips back and forth, and then turns around and walks away.
he shakes around a lot
a man sways his hips from side to side and the turns to the left.
stick figure walks backwards jumps in place then walks forwards
the personwas  jumping backwards.
a person walks backward a few steps jumps and then walks forward
the person is holding an object and then throws it with their right hand.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person throws something with their left arm.
a man walks in a clockwise circle, but only makes it half way
a person walks forward then turns the right continues to walks, then turns right again and continues to walk.
a person fastly walked forward by making the circle
a person holds his arms up with elbows out and hands at his chest and moves back and forth flexing
a man flexes several times, then extends his arms to either side.
a person holds their arms out and stretches their shoulders.
a man squats low to the ground and then jumps up repeatedly.
stickman squat jump, squat jump then jumps
the man is jumping vertically
a person slowly walked forward and sat on something
a person walks up to a backwards chair and sits down on it with legs outstretched, then stands back up.
person was standing and straddled a chair and sat down.
a figure walks backward a few steps
figure appears to be walking backwards
person walks in a straight line backwards.
a person washes their arm and head.
the person moves their hands around their arm and face as if wiping off sweat or washing themselves.
a person washes their right arm, then uses their right arm to wash their face, head, and chest.
a person takes a large step diagonally with their left leg.
person steps down to their left onto the platform.
a person takes a large sidestep towards the left and front.
a person strafes right then to the left
a man shuffles to his right and then shuffles back to his left.
a person takes 3 steps to the right, then 3 steps to the left.
walking to the side then back.
the person is walking in a zigzag.
a man walks back and forth in an s pattern.
a person kicking left leg and then kicking right out in front of them.
swinging right foot forward than left foot
kicking feet in place.
a person walks forward using a wide stance, as though avoiding a large object.
a man takes wide forward steps trying to avoid stepping on something.
a person is walking un uneven terrain.
a person doing a shoulder stretch.
a person extends their right arm across their chest, then pulls their right forearm in towards their body with their left forearm while rotating counter clockwise at the hips.
stretching arm then stopping.
the person almost trips but quickly recovers
a person walks forward and stumbles.
a person is walking, gets pushed or tripped, and recovers, returning to a standing position.
person walks five steps backwards
he walks downstairs then stops
person walking backwards in 5 steps
a person holds their arms out to the sides, and then moves them back and forth.
a person moving his both arms
a person is pulsing their arms up and down slowly.
the person is doing a sideways arabesque dance
a person is doing an elaborate ballet dance with their arms and legs.
a person is dancing moves their right foot to the right and kicks out to their left with their left foot while swinging their arms out and in again then both arms to their left and their both arms up and around and bakc down again finishing with some steps.
the man take 4 excited steps forward.
person quickly runs forward before stopping
a person fastly walked forward
a person crosses their arms, then uncrosses them.
person crosses his arms across his chest for a little bit.
the person is standing still with his arms crossed.
a figure runs in place turning counterclockwise
a man turns left and continues running.
person hopping around rotates on their left foot in a counter clockwise motion while punching with their fist as they make their way away from camera.
a person is walking and bends to the right
a person walks in an arc pattern to his right.
the person walks forward then turns to the right
stretching legs from side to side.
a person throws a forceful, lunging karate punch with his right hand.
a person makes a right handed hit below the crotch.
a person jumps as they extend their legs and arms in a jumping-jack motion.
a person does one jumping jack.
the man is doing jumping jacks.
a person slowly moves arms and steps as in dancing.
a person turns to their right, then casually walks backwards in a counterclockwise direction.
a person dances to the beat, swinging their arms and moving their feet.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises both of this hands above his head, lowers his hands to his sides and steps forward.
a person raises their arm above their head and steps forwards.
a person raises arms then takes one step forward.
a person jumps forward once.
the person took a little jump.
a person does a small forward hop.
a person lifts their arms over their head and then lowers them.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, grips something with both of his hands, lifts it above his head and brings it back down to his original position.
a person lifts something up over their head
a person holds their right arm out.
a person right arm is raised.
a person starts with arms outstretched then drops left arm for a few seconds and lifts it back up.
moving arm towards chest then down.
the man extends his left arm up and grabs something from a shelf.
a person lifts their arm up and takes a look at it.
a person lunges forward and catches their balance.
this person steps forward with small, quick steps.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward then climbs up something.
a figure walks forward slowly and then up stairs
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides walks forward, walks up four steps and stops.
person is throwing a ball hard.
a person throws an object with their right hand
the person performs a throw with his right arm
the person walks around in a circle but stops just before completing the full circle
a man walks in a circle in a clockwise direction.
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
person is walking in a cricle
a person jogs on the spot at a moderate pace.
a man jogs forwards slowly.
a person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward 3 steps, grabs something and moves it over, and then walks back.
this person walks forward and moves something then steps backwards.
the person is whisking food.
he moves around then stops
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides lifts his left arm and waves his left hand.
a man waves with his left arm.
a man stretches his arms up with his hands touching, then stretches his arms to the sides towards left, shrugs, and then stretches arms up again.
a person stretches their arms above their head and outward.
a person stretching by closing fingers together and putting arms above head and leaning backwards and swinging a little side to side with arms outstretched.
this person walks forward and wipes a surface.
a person wipes the surface with their right hand
the person is wiping off something.
the person was push but did not fall.
a person walks forward with hands to the side.
a person walks forward, arms swinging slightly.
the man is squatting with his hands on his knees, raises his hand and returns them to his knees.
a person raised the hands and pull it down
the person is moving his arms in big circles.
a person is strutting forward
a person slowly walked forward
a person goes from a walk to a jog.
a person walks down stairs.
a person walks down stairs leaning on the hand rail.
the person is walking downstairs holding onto the rail.
moving side to side while squatting down.
person in a squatted or seated position reaches down to their right, then brings their hand back to in front of their chest.
a person sitting down, reaching for something beneath them with their right hand and then resuming back to position
the man leaps forward on both feet.
person jumps forward one time
a man hops forward shortly.
a person moves both their forearms in opposite circles, right hand clockwise, left hand counter clockwise.
a person rotates their hands in opposing circles.
a person moves both hands in opposite circles in front of their body.
a person slowly throws something to their left with their right hand.
this person is standing in one spot and they start to move around. they start with what i'm going to assume is their right arm. they look like they are either stretching or starting to dance. this person might even just be up moving just because,
a person raise the right hand overhead then throws something.
a person is clapping their hands together
a person claps four times.
a person who is standing lifts his hands and claps them four times.
a person holds both arms out and raises them straight up and down repeatedly, turns their body slightly to the left, then back to center while still lifting and lowering their arms.
a person raises both hand over head eleven times.
a man stands on the ground and raises his hands up and tosses  something foward and backward.
a person is sitting down reaching for his left pocket.
the man takes out phone and calls
the person is sitting making a phone call.
this person put both arms up in front of themselves, while standing still.
the person stretches their arms forward
the person is twisting his arms straight out words.
a person picks something up from a table with their right hand then gently sets in down next to where they picked it up.
person walks forwars, lifts something small from the right using their right hand and places in on top of something in front of them.
a person walks forward, picks up an item in their right hand, moves it to the left and sets it down.
a person walks up two steps, walks down two steps, turns out and walks up and down the steps again.
a person starts walking down what looks like a slanted or steep sidewalk or walking path. said person then turns around and walks back up the steep side walk or walking path.
a person steps up onto a platform, then descends down two stairs, to then make a 180⁰ turn and ascends back up the stairs atop the platform.
imitates a ballet dance. right hand steps behind left, hands cur under than both lifts poisely.
a person starts with their left legs behind them, then brings it forwards and lifts their arms out in a grand ballet gesture.
a person steps back, freezes, and steps forward entering a ballet pose.
the person is walking with his arms out trying to balance.
a person is walking forwards whilst his arms are extended outwards, trying to keep balance
a person slowly walked forward in right direction while balancing
a man steps forward, then suddenly staggers to his left, before returning to his original course.
walking side to side.
person walks forward, slides to left quickly, and then darts back to the right.
a person sitting down, with their arms slightly elevated.
a person is crouched very low to the ground, and he has his elbows bent as he moves them up and down slightly as though working a steering wheel.
person is driving down the road and seems to take a left turn.
the person ran forward to kick a soccer ball.
the soccer player kicks the ball
person kicks a ball far
a man hops on one foot with his left leg.
person is jumping on one leg
the person is jumping on his left leg.
a person walks froward from one side to the other.
starting with the right foot, a person walks forward and then climbs up stairs,
a person walks up stairs.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
a person raises their left hand above their head.
a person raises their left hand to scratch their head.
a person walks up and picks something off the floor then sets it on a table and walks back to beginning position.
a person walks forward and picks up an item to then place the item back. person walks back to starting point.
the person will forward and picked up some thing that was light.
a man walks slowly forward leading with his right foot.
the toon walks forward at a normal pace.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person is pulling something and then walks and puts their arms out
a person walked in right direction
a person swings his left arm low, then steps forward, turns away, and holds his arms out wide to either side.
a man turns to his left, then takes a step back and turns to front-face. he then squats slightly, holds it, and stands back up.
a person sits down in a chair and then stands back up again.
a person walks backwards, sits down on a bench, and then stands up.
this person sits down while shaking.
a person sits down in a chair that is low to the ground.
sitting down while shaking.
the person blocked being punched in the face.
a person stands in a defensive posture with arms up and dodges a blow.
a person shields himself with his left arm.
a man walks forward and few steps than turns around.
a person walks forward, spins around then walks back.
a person walks forward, then turns left to turn around and walk back to starting position
a person takes a few steps forward then stops
a man walks forward slightly angling to the left.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward and grabs something then turns to use this something
the person stumbles to get the glass and put it in the sink
a person slowly straightens, turns back and to the right, picks up an object, walks forward, and wipes something with the object.
the person is getting a shower and washing his left arm
a man walks  foward anticlockwise,places something with his right hand,goes back holds it with left hand trying to wipe.
the man is washing his left arm
a person reaches out with his right hand.
person points with their right hand in cockwise motion
a person motions to his left with his right arm and hand and then to his right
an old man walks to his left.
a person is stumbling to the left.
a man walks forwards and then slightly to the left.
a person bends to their right to pick something up, then turns to their left and makes brushing movements with their hands.
a person leans to their left to pick something up with their right hand, turns slightly to their left, picks up something in their left hand and rubs the object along the top of a chest high surface.
the person leans forward and picks something up and seems to clean something to his left.
a person lunges forward with one foot, reaching his arms out at the same time; this happens twice.
the toon is standing at an angle, appearing to be swinging a baseball bat & tossing back the ball.
a right-handed batter bunts a baseball.
a person performing a slight bow
a person does a slight bow.
a person bows slightly briefly.
person throws object with right hand then uses both hands together to pull an item in to body
person person threw something with his right arm.
the person throws their right hand to their left side and pulls back with both hands.
a person picks up their right leg.
this person stomps his right foot.
the person is stomping with the right foot.
a person is joggin in place.
running in place with arms near chest.
a person is jogging forwards
a person takes a few steps forward, then slightly at the waist and move something with the right hand, then takes a few steps back.
a person moves forward touching something on the right and then the left, then he returns to original position.
the person picked up a sponge to clean.
a person does a golf swing
a person appears to swing a golf club.
a person swings a golf club.
great opportunity to do things
a person lowers his left arm to his thigh, then lowers both arms and then outstretched from his body.
a person puts their left hand on their leg then returns both arms up.
person is facing forward for 5 seconds and then pushes backwards with the red foot.
a person walks backwards a few steps
a person takes one step backwards.
a figure rubs their torso and left leg.
this person appears to unzip pants.
a person puts their right hand in front of their pelvis and moves it down.
the person slowly goes to their knees and crawl on the ground
the person is crawling to the right.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards.
a person runs to the left then the right then back to their original position.
man runs right to left then back to the center.
a person jobs back and forth to their left and right before stopping and standing still.
a person boxes to left and right.
the person is throwing boxing jabs with the left then right.
a person has both hands up.
a man runs across a room to the opposite end.
a man runs forward with his arms curved at his side.
the sim runs briefly before slowing down into a crouch.
a person walks in place.
a person is walking in place.
this person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person jogs forward then turns and jogs back twice.
the figure jogs lightly to their right before jogging all the way to the left and then back again before stopping in the middle.
the figure jogs in place for a moment, then jogs to the right of the field, turns, jogs to the left of the field, turns, jogs back to the center and stops.
a person grabbed something and sat somewhere and after get up
a person picks something up with their right hand and sits down to take a sip.
a person sits down for a moment to take a drink.
a man holds his right arm bent in front of him, with his left arm bend off to one side, and proceeds to dance around, first forward, then left, back, right, and forward again.
a person dances with a partner.
a person is doing the cha cha
a person holds arms out, appears to dodge something, then stretches right arm forward.
a person stands with their hands at a ready position at sholder level. they then quickly lean left as to avoid something with their head and upper torso.
a person dodging to their left side.
a person walks forward and is pushed to the right but recovers to original trajectory.
a person walks forward then steps to the right with a quick little stutter-step further to right, then immediately to the left and continues to walk in their original path.
a person walks to his right then to his left
person does squats while holding something with both hands.
a person with his hands held head high, crouches and stands straight up again.
a person does a back squat with weights.
a person takes wide steps while using their right hand to hold on to something steadily as they walk.
a person with his arms stretched out from his sides steps forward, turns to his right and continues to walk while holding his hands on a hand rail.
a person slowly walkign in right-forward direction
a person talking to a microphone and waving to an audience
politition waving to the crowd and shakimg hands
a person cleaning a wall
a person is cleaning a window
a person moves their right hand in a clockwise, circular cleaning motion at face and torso height.
a person wipes an object with their right hand using a circular motion.
a person walks forward, picks up something from about waist high with his left hand, moves it to his left, and then walks backward a few steps.
a person walks forward to pick an object from his right side and puts it to his left and then walks backwards to his original position.
a person walks forward, reaches to their left and then their right, and moves backward.
a person picks something up from their left side with their right hand, picks something up from their right side with their left hand, and then washes the item in their left with the item in their right.
the person is in the shower washing his arm.
person appears to pick some thing up with right hand then left hand and then rub some thing with right hand then put something down with left hand then right hand.
hands are on the knees, hands go to the chest in a scratching motion, and then hands go back down to the knees.
the person is acting like a horse.
a person bends over and moves their head, then stands up and moves their hands in a clawing before returning to their bent stance.
the sim appears to be sitting down in a chair using their left hand to "answer a phone".
while sitting, a person holds something in his left hand, touches it with his right hand, places it to his left ear, and then he places the object down.
a person shakingly puts their hands together before raising their left hand.
a person moves arms down; right hand picks up something; left hand grabs it and sits it down.
a person standing in a t pose then putting both hands back together
the person is picking something up with his right hand.
a man throws an object with his right hand while lifting his right leg off the ground.
person swings their right arm in two circles before throwing an object from their right hand
a person does a throwing motion with his right arm
a person kicks with their right leg
the person kicks forward with their right leg.
this person does a high kick with his right leg.
a person is sitting with both hands up.
the person is eating a hamburger.
standing in a squatted position with arms in front bent at 45 degrees
walking backwards then standing still.
a person is standing in place then abruptly takes a step back and coming to a rest.
the person stands still didn't takes one step backwards towards the right
the person was running and ducked underneath something.
a person runs forward, trips and keeps running.
the person runs forward and ducks slightly towards the end.
a person sat on something and did some jesture with hands
a person moves in a clockwise direction while shaking their arms up and down.
a person driving turns his steering wheel hard to the right before coming back to a neutral position.
someone slowly walks up the stairs with open and confident body language.
a person walks a few stairs and stops.
a person is walking up the stairs
staying still with arms near chest.
a person has their elbows at chest height with hands in front of body.
squats up and down with both hands moving in an up and down motion.
a person picks up something and sets it to the right.
a person moves soemthing from left to right
a person picks something up on his left and sets down to his right
this person walks forward at a brisk pace.
a person is walking forward.
a person walks forward aggresively.
subject is sitting flat on the ground feat straight in front then the subject stands straight up then sits back down with feet straight out in front again
the man is sitting down and standing up
person starts on ground, pulls legs towards body while pushing off hands to stand up, maintains a neutral position before sitting back down with legs extended in front.
a person takes two normal steps and one big step to avoid a gap
a person walks forward, stepping over some object on the ground.
person seems angry while walking forward.
the person takes a step over the gap
the person walk forward and stuffed over something.
person carefully walks forwards then takes a big step over something.
a person slowly walks forward in a diagonal line.
a person steps over a hole.
a person walks forward extremely slow
the oerson is performing a washing movement with their left arm
a person is moving his left hand around his belly.
a perosn rubs their stomach with their left hand.
the person walk forward during our freestyle lunge towards someone.
a person is performing different martial arts movements.
a person who seems to perform a karate kata exercise
the sim jumps from their right to their left.
a person takes a jump sideways to their left.
a person jumping to their left
a person jogs forward and stops.
a person jogs forward a few steps, bringing his hands up to chest height as he does, then ends in a standing posture.
the man runs forward in a walking fashion.  he then stops running and stands still.
a person sidesteps to the right.
the person takes a quick step to the right
someone standing and takes a step to the right.
bending down and then again.
a person puts their hands together and bows.
he does a greeting halamada
a person holds something over his head with both arms and swings it down and forward
a figure throws something down hard
he reaches his hands back over his right shoulder and throws them forward with a follow-through.
a person is punching with his right hand.
a person punches 4 times with their right hand.
a man punches the air at chin height with his right arm, keeping his left arm at his side.
a person walks backwards at a moderate pace.
a man backsteps for several seconds, starting with his right foot.
this person is walking backwards diagnolly.
a man sidesteps energetically to his right, then again to his left, then steps back and stops in a standing position.
person is doing side steps back and forth
a person side steps to both sides
a person walks with one foot in front of the other; right foot first, uses their hands to keep balance.
a person walks forward while using their arms mildly to balance.
someone walks forward using arms to propel themselves and stops with arms extended.
a person hops to the left, then to the right, then left, then right again.
a person does side hops to the left and right.
a person side steps to their left once, then to the right twice, to the left three times and finally once to the right to finish where they began.
a person grabbed something with right and left hand and put it somewhere
a person appears to boxing someone but is swinging in a right to left motion.
the person is stretching their right and left arm preparing for training.
running in a zig zag pattern.
the person is walking to avoid some thing.
the person moves quickly along a curved path.
walking forward then stopping.
person takes five steps down steps from a height to ground level
a person walks up really fast.
a person walks in a large circle.
a person walks in a slow clockwise circle, stopping in a standing position.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward while leaning on something to their right.
the person walks forward while leaning on something.
a person walks tentatively, holding on to a surface.
the person runs, jumps over something, and continues to run.
someone running and jumps a hurdle.
a person runs forward quickly and jumps over something.
a person lifts both hands up then wipes themselves off.
a man touches a large object with both hands.
a person sways side to side while raising and lowering their arms and shoulders.
staying still then backing up.
a figure falls backwards slightly in a straight line
a person slowly stepped backwards
a person puts their hands together, turns sideways, and kicks with their left foot.
body turning right while moving left hand to meet right hand with slight left leg lifting into a poition that mimics a basball pitch.
a person turns to the right and does a low side kick with their left leg.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a person stretches their left arm up and to the left.
person is warming up left arm
a person acts as if they are dialing and talking on a phone.
sitting and cowering in fear.
the person was sitting down doing something with his hands.
a person picks something up with their right hand then wipes something with short motions
a person looks to be shaking someones hand
a person dips hand into cleaner and then cleans surface.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides swings his arms out away from his body with his left hand held low and his right hand held high, then resumes his original position.
person stretch his arms out diagonally.
a person stretches arms out.
a person lightly kicks, maybe out of disappointment, or a routine motion of an object for something fun
a person seems to be hitting an object with their right foot
a person kicks with the right foot.
someone throwing something very hard
a person makes a slapping motion with their right hand.
a person is throwing a ball.
a man is picking something up and placing it down to his right.
a person picks up an object with both hands, tilts it to the right and then places the object back down to its original position
a person lifts something that is placed horizontally and shifts it to a vertical position on their right
a person begins to wave his right hand as if he was waving to the crowd and then stops.
a person waves with their right hand.
person puts their red colored hand up to their chest and moves it upwards in a waving motion
a person walks forward careful to avoid something that is on the ground.
a person walks straight and walks over something to avoid it.
a man walks forward with a wide gait
the man is doing step over gap
a person walking right across a street
a person walk like he is stepping over and walking foreword.
a persoon grabbed something with both hands
a person clasps hands in front them, slightly bends over, and gently swings hands side to side
the person is holding something with both hands in front of its body.
the person is hopping on his left leg.
person hops with right leg bent in the air
the man is doing one leg loose
a child may squat down by a wall to enjoy a quick snack on a field trip.
a person is cruched down,moving both their hands
a person eats food while sitting down
walks normally in a straight direction, turns around then walks straight back
the person walked forward then turned around and walked back again.
a man walks across an object then turns around and walks back.
a person puts their hands on their hips and then circles their hips around counterclockwise.
a person rotates with his hands on his hips like theyre doing a hullahoop
a person places their hands on their hips and stretches.
a person walks forward with shoulders held high.
the body slowly paces forward.
a man walks forward slowly leading with his right foot.
a figure reaches left hand up and out to the left, almost like its spreading a path.
a person lifting their left arm and then dropping it back down
person lifts left arm to the front and then to the side
a person raises their right arm and waves from side to side. then their hand drops to their side.
a standing person puts his left arm up in the air, bends his arm at the elbow and waves five times before putting his arm back down.
a person waves their left hand over their head in a friendly gesture.
a person jumped and turned in 90 degrees
a man jumps and rotates 90 degrees to the left.
man jumps and turns 45 degrees left mid-air
look like someone is scratching their head with their right hand
the person raises his right hand.
a person scratches their head.
a person walks forward at a medium speed.
person is speedily walking forward
a figure walks at a normal speed in a straight line
a person with raises their hands in front of them, the squats.
person does one squat from a standing position
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides raises his arms in front of him, bends his knees and squats and rises to his original position.
a person kneels down on both knees.
the person got down on both knees.
a person that gets down on their knees using their left hand to support them to get down
the person moves their arms to their left and then moves them to their right.
a person moves an object from left to right.
a man picks up something from knee-high at his left and moves it to his right.
a person hopping on left leg.
a person hop on their left foot with arms at side to help keep balance.
a person hops on their left foot.
a person slightly bows their head.
person takes a bow quickly
a person leans forward, then stands straight again.
a person kicks slowly with their right leg.
a person kicks something with his right foot
a person steps out and swings leg forward, then steps back.
figure gets down on hands and knees facing left and crawls 3 steps before turning around and crawling to the  right for  4 steps, backs up slightly and stands back up facing forward.
a person urgently backs up before crawling on all fours back and forth and getting up again.
a man gets on his knees and crawls from right to left, then stands up again.
the sim appears to be using box hands in the boxing formation.
a person moves his hands from right to left hitting something.
person was boxing with his right arm to the left.
the person was looking at his wrist for his watch.
a person is standing there and checks left wrist then right wrist.
a person checks something out on their wrist, before checking out their other wrist.
a person starts a jogging on the place
person starts of standing still then begins to move their arms and legs in a motion that indicates jogging forward.
person jogs in place then stops.
a man takes 1 step forward then sits down, then stands back up.
the person backed up and sat on a barstool.
a man sits down in a chair facing the left side, then gets up and its down facing in a different direction.
a person walks forward and side kicks then puts his hand to his face
a figure kicks and then wipes their chin
a person kicks out with one leg, before moving back to a resting position.
a person crosses and lowers their arms.
person lifts arms one on top of other
someone wide their arms by their side crosses their arms before putting them back to their side.
a person balances on one foot while moving their other, and then switches.
the person did an ankle twist with his left foot and then did an ankle twist with his right foot.
a person balances on one leg and shakes their foot and then swaps.
a person stands in place and switches from right foot to left foot for a frw seconds and then stops.
a person runs on the spot rapidly with their arms held out away from their sides at an angle.
person is running in place
a person lifts both hands up to the face and then lowers them.
a man stands on the ground, puts his hands on the head and then lowers them down.
a person takes a bite of a burger.
a person stepping to the left, then stepping to the right, and then stepping right back to the middle.
a person side steps slowly to their left two steps then to the right two step and finally one more time to the left stopping where they began.
the person side steps left and right
the person holds something in their right hand and drinks from it.
the man is standing with a bottle in his right hand; he opens it and takes a couple of sips.
the person is drinking from a bottle with his right hand.
a figure walks slowly and hazily in a circle, stepping backwards at some point
a person walks in a circle without turning their body.
a man walks slowly in a counter-clockwise circle, only turning his body a very small amount. he then teleports a few feet to one side, then steps into the center of the circle.
a person picks up something heavy and sets it to the right, then picks up another.
a person bends down to pick up two things, one at a time, using both hands
person bends down to the ground to grab an object with both hands and then set the object on a table
a man walks forward and then jerks suddenly towards the left then continues to walk forward.
walking slowly and suddenly got pushed to the right side and continued to walk slowly again
the person who is pushed from the left but did not fall.
a man is bringing his hands up towards his body and then pushing them away from his body
the person is using both hands to push somebody on a swing continuously
the person is pushing someone in a swing.
a person walks three steps to his right, then five steps to his left, and finally three steps to his right.
walking to the left and right.
a person turns to his / her right then walks, then turns around and walks again before turning again and walking again.
a person waves their hands to get someone's attention
a person stayed on the place and raised both hands
a person waves with both hands.
the person was walking forward turned around and walk the other direction.
person takes a few steps forward then makes a very pointed attempt to turnaround.
person walks forward two steps and does a fully twist turn
a man sidesteps from left to right and back again.
a man shuffles to his left, then shuffles to his right, then shuffles to the left again.
a person walks to the left and right, taking small steps.
person is walking with his arms out like he is balancing.
this person has both arms extended out to his sides and stumbles.
the person raises both of their hands and walks, teetering, over a tight rope.
a person is standing still when all of a sudden they seem to push forward with their right shoulder as if they are leaning into someone or something.
this person stands still then slightly bend both knees.
a person slightly bends their knees.
man joins hands and cracks right wrist.
a person adjusts their watch with their left hand.
a person standing uses their left hand to quickly touch something on the right wrist.
a person runs forward and does cartwheel in reverse direction.
a person sprints forward and then turns to do a cartwheel back to start.
person quickly sprints forward, then turns around and cartwheels back to their starting point.
a person squats several times while lifting dumbbells.
a person lifts dumb bells
this person bends at the knees with arms up at his head as if the bench weights.
a person walks forward and stumbles a bit
a person stumbles a little while walking.
a person walks from back to front, hops on right leg and then stops.
a person shakes out their arms and shoulders while keeping their hands at their sides.
a figure does the low down shoulder shimmy.
the person is shaking both of his shoulders.
man appears to be walking forward on a beam or tightrope
a person is walking with one foot placed immediately in front of the other, while using their right arm to correct balance.
person walks forward and stumbles slightly.
a person is performing a cartwheels.
a person with his arms outstretched leans forward, does a cartwheel, lands and steps forward two steps.
a person does a cartwheel before walking away.
a person walking in an average spped
a person takes five steps forward.
a person walking slowly forward.
a person looks around while holding their hips.
a man is seated with his hands on top of his thighs.
a person shifts their neck around while sitting.
a person walks to his left.
a person walks forward while curving to their left.
a man slightly walks to the left.
a person squats twice, extending their arms forward each time.
a person does 2 squats
a person does two free squats
the person is lifting a dumbbell with his right arm.
a person is lifting a dumb bell
the man is lifting dumbell with right hand
a person makes a shallow bow, before standing back straight.
a person bedn the upper core body
this person from a standing position bends forward as if to bow.
a figure runs forward confidently
a person is jogging forward at a relaxed pace.
the person is running normally.
the person throws something with its red arm.
the person is throwing with his right hand.
a person throwed something with right hand
he turns to his right
person moves forward four steps clockwise direction
the person is walking forward and turning right.
a person walks in a figure eight pattern and stops before finishing.
a person walks in a figure of eight starting to the right.
person person is walking in a circle.
a person moves something with both hands.
a person grabbed something and put it down
a person grabs an item from waist level and cradles onto arm
a figure waves with their right hand
someone who is waiving to a person
a person waiving their hand in front of their face
walking forward in a straight line then back.
a person walks forward before turning around and walking back.
man walks slowly forward then turns 180 degrees to the left and walks forward back where he began.
the person is making up and down hand gestures.
a person slowly walked in right direction while shaking the hands
the man is making gestures
person kicks a ball forward
a person walks forward to kick an object very hard
person kicks a ball with the right leg
persons makes right fist punching motion
a person punches with their right hand
the boxer jabs with his right arm
person is walking quickly up
a man walks a short distance then walks on the spot briefly
a person runs forward and up.
a person folds their arms across their chest.
a man standing with arms folded then puts them down to side.
a person crossing their arms
a  person doing a limping walk, taking proper step with the right foot and limping with the left
somebody is drawing a line in the sand
a person is sitting and waving around his arms.
someone tries to walk crouched
he turns the sterring wheel
a person in a standing position squats both knees down and then straightens back up in a vertical jump.
a person repeatedly squats down, then jumps as they get back up.
a man standing does squat jumps.
the person was lifting a dumbbell with his left arm.
the person is standing and lifting something in their right hand.
a person lifting a weight with left arm.
a person takes a quick step to the right using only their right leg
a person moves their right arm and leg to the right simultaneously then comes back to center.
a man is standing straight and then slides out on his leg, and then slides back to straight position.
a person jumps backwards, then jumps to the left, then to the right then back to the left.
man hop backwards two times then jump left one time and then take four hop to the right then take three hops to the left.
a person jumping backwards in circle
the person is clapping both hands.
a person is clapping hand.
a person claps their hands together
this person has his hands in front as if to direct a crowd.
a figure seems to be using binoculars
a person holds their hands to the right, center , and then left.
the stick man stops, walks forwards and turns around to about face and walks forward.
someone walks slowly, two steps forward, before turning, walking one step and then and walking back to where they had begun, though facing the opposite direction.
person walks forward and does a spin move to walk in the other direction.
person is doing something with his left hand in front of his face.
a person holds an item in their left hand up to their head and shifts their weight onto their left leg while standing there.
a person holds something up to their head with their left hand, and pushes left hip outwards
a man brings his hands down to his thighs, standing with his knees bent, before extending his arms to either side and then bringing them back down to his thighs.
a figure stands with knees bent, not quite in a squat, and raises and lowers its arms
a person is crouched and raising their arms
a person raises his arms and starts clapping and then puts his arms down
a man claps hands together and moves them from side to side.
a person claps both of their hands together in front of them.
grabing a golf club and lightly moving it
with arms down in front of his body, the person clasps his hands.
a person doing golf with a club
a person walks toward the viewer at a normal pace.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides calmly takes four steps forward.
person jogs, stops to bend over, then continues jogging.
a person who is running, stops, bends over and looks down while taking small steps, then resumes running.
a figure sprints, pauses momentarily placing both hands on knees, then continues sprinting
slamming their left hand down viciously
a person steps forward slightly with the right foot while tilting the right shoulder forward, then raises up the left arm and brings it down in a slapping motion.
a man slams his tennis ball to the ground.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person walking backwards quickly.
a person paces to their right, further to their left, then back to their right.
a person walks in a straight line, turns and walks in the other direction, then repeats.
the man standing facing front turns to his right and paces back and forth as if impatiently waiting or in deep thought.
a person stands still and then steps backward with both feet.
a man steps backwards; moving his right foot first, followed by his left.
a person takes one full step back.
the man bends at his knees and uses his leg muscles to propel himself slightly off the ground.
the person is jumping up and down.
a standing person jumps up and down twice.
a person walks forward a few steps
a person slowly walked forward
the person  was walking  forward and stepped over something.
a person walks backwards five steps starting with the left foot.
a man walking backwards in a side to side motion.
a person walks backwards with both arms at their side
a person pours something, sets it down and walks backwards.
a person takes a couple of steps, then appears to pour something into a glass and steps back
person walks forward and mixing food ingredients and walks backward
a figure hops forward several times
figure appears to be jumping forward
a person jumps three times forward.
the man is doing some thing with his right arm
a person performing a weight lifting motion with their right arm
person curls right forearm into their bicep in a curling motion.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a person walks forward and veers to the left, then stops.
a person walks at a left bend.
person brings arms down, claps, walks forward and then sits down
a person puts their arms down, claps, then walks to a chair and sits.
a person lowers arm and claps once before walking forward to sit down.
a figure begins running, stops at the edge, turns around, and runs back to the starting point.
a person is standing still, runs forwards, stops, turns around and runs back into the direction he came form
a person runs forward for a few strides before turning around to run back.
a person kicks something with their right foot.
a person looks to the left then kicks something with their right foot
kicking something to the side.
a man leans forward and brushes something with his right hand.
a person makes circular motions with their right hand as if wiping something in front of them.
the person leans over something, making a circular wiping motion with their right hand.
a person slowly walked backwards
the person was backing up
a person walks carefully backwards
a person walks forward then twirls around to stand with back to viewer.
a person turns around while walking.
a man steps forward a few steps, then turns around, swinging his right leg as he does, and starts to walk back.
a person takes a couple steps back.
a person stumbles backwards quickly.
this person quickly walks backwards.
a person stands with arms hanging before clapping once, dropping her arms for a moment, then clapping for a  few moments before dropping her arms again.
a person claps multiple times.
simple stand and clapples the hands.
a person bends down and picks up something with their left hand then washing it with their right and gently sets it back down.
a man bends over and picks up an item in each hand, then uses the item in his right hand to clean the item in his left hand.
a person bends forward and grasps something with his right hand and his left hand, then stands up straight and uses both hands in a clockwise sweeping motion, before bending forward again.
person walks backwards slowly, crouches, walks forwardss when crouching, and then sprints backwards. then, moves forwards again walking at a fairly fast pace
this person walks backwards then forward as a monster then back again.
the man was walking backwards then forwards then backwards again.
a person runs and/or sprints forward.
someone runs forward with urgency.
a person runs straight forward.
a person walks forward and then walks up some steps.
a person walks forward then walks up something.
a person walking forward upstairs.
the person was hopping up and down on his right foot.
a person hops on their right foot then walks forwards.
a man jumps on his right leg and then walks forward and then backwards
the man walks forward in a steep manner.
he walks douwnstairs then stops
a person walks down a set of stairs.
he takes a few steps forward, then he skips 4 or 5 times.
a person walks then starts skipping.
the person walks forward then jogs forward.
this person ducks under something then climbs up and over it.
a person climbs a ladder
a person ducks down to walk underneath a bar or fence in front of them. they then turn left, walk around something, then turn left again to climb up a ladder or something.
a person jumps up and down on their toes
the person is jiggling on their toes with their hands up
a person puts both hands up and lightly jumps up and down.
a person stretches out his right arm and moves it from right to left then puts it down.
person reaches out with right forearm to grab, then moves arm slightly to grab again, then puts arm down
a person moves their right arm out and holds it palm down and outstretched before crossing it to the left side at an angle and bending it back down to their right side.
a person is pushed hard from his right side and he moves towards his left.
a standing person, takes a quick step/shove to the left, and resumes the same standing position.
a person is pushed from the right softly.
a person jumps two times.
the person was jumping up with his hands in the air
a person is jumping and raising arms.
a person walks backwards slowly.
the man carefully walks backwards.
a person takes several steps backwards.
a person stretches their arms side to side.
a person is standing upwards and pushses both his arms out 4 times and then puts his hands together.
a person swinging both arms sideways
a person steps forward and then jumps up.
a person squats and then jumps straight up into the air with hands over head.
a person jumps, landing in a squat position, and jumps again reaching upwards with their arms.
this person kicks with his right foot while standing.
kicking foot forward while standing still.
a person kicks their feet around in a sighn of impatience.
the person starts jumping on the spot
a person jumps up to catch something.
a figure shoots a basketball
a figure jogs down stairs
person walks forward in a speedy fashion
figure runs forward swinging its arms
a person raises both arms up over their head, then lowers them to their side.
a person raises their arms up then down.
a person raises his arms straight up and then down.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a large clock-wise circle and then stands in the same area he started walking.
a person walks in a clockwise circle with their arms down by their side.
a man stands and raises both of his arms overhead and then makes up and downwards movements.
a figure raises his arms in a pumping motion. almost as if he were lifting weights.
the person is lifting the dumbbells over his head.
a person does throwing motion with left arm and then brings both hands over left shoulder with both elbows pointed outwards
the person throws with his left hand then reaches up with both hands to catch something.
a person throws something against the wall and catches it with both hands near their head.
a man picks something with his right hand and then makes circular motions with the same hand .
the right hand is place outside the waist and then goes towards the stomach and back out.
using right hand to stir something
a person throwing something with the right hand and catching it back
moving hand forward to throw something.
a person throws and object with their right hand and then catches another object.
the person is walking upstairs.
the man goes up 5 steps holding the rail.
a person climbs steps whilst holding on to a railing with their right hand
a person raises their right hand slightly then sets it back down.
person raises his right arm then puts arm down.
a person raised the right hand and pull it down
a person dances around eratically.
a person is doing a dance.
a person dances, spinning and pointing, while walking forward.
a person lightly hops in place several times.
a person jumped a few times
a person hops several times on the balls of their feet.
a person walks forward and gets pushed, he stumbles to the left and then returns to his original path
a person looks to be pushed back and then walks back towards the thing that pushed them.
the person was pushed from the front.
a person side steps to the right and then side steps to the left.
a man is shuffle stepping to his right and then back to the left.
a man shuffles to his right, then to the left.
with their right hand holding something stationary, person kicks left foot back then forward, followed by right foot forward than back and repeats while left hand swings back and forth.
a person is doing the charleston dance
person is performing dance moves
a person slowly walks up several steps.
a person who has his hands by his sides walks up four steps and stops.
person is walking up the stairs
the person was walking forward with a low kick to the right.
a person takes one step forward with their right foot and then kicks their left leg forward. then they bring their left leg back to the ground and take two steps backward to return to the starting position.
a person kicks with their left foot
a person is sweeping the floor with both hands holding something
the person sweeps the floor
the man is sweeping the floor
a person walks extremely slowly
a person walks forward very slowly.
human walk street slawly on the ground.
a person remains relatively still in comparison to a bipedal organism and walks at a slow pace, clockwise at about a 30 degree angle.
a person walks a quarter circle to his right
the person walks forward but turning right and then stands still
person is hopping up and down
a person bounces on their toes.
figure appears to be hoping up and down lightly
a person kicks something with their right leg.
person turns slightly to their right, and kicks forward with their right foot.
a person kicks right with left foot.
a person pushes his arms up, as if he is benching a set.
a person has both hands in the air.
a person lifts weights over their head.
a person jumps far to their left.
the person took a big jump to the left.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides hops to his left and regains his balance on both feet.
a person lowers and walks on all fours to the right.
a person gets on their hands and knees and then crawls back and forth before getting up again.
a person gets down and starts crawling back and forth before standing back up
a person takes one step forward, then turns and walks to the right.
a person walks in a bend to the right.
person walks forward to their right.
a person places their hands together then release their hands.
a person scratches his right wrist with his left hand.
a person checks the watch on the right arm.
a person getting shade from arm
person touch his head or face with right hand.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides raises his right arm as if looking out into the distance, nods forward and continues to look out, then drops his arm and resumes his original stance.
a person scratches his head with his right hand.
a person picks up something and holds it to his mouth to drink.
someone raises their right hand and scratches their head.
a man walking in a counter-clockwise direction and returning to his original position.
a person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks at a normal pace in a counterclockwise circle.
the person was pushed from the right side.
the sim is standing still then pushes towards their left side leading with their right foot.
a figure takes one short step to the left.
a man does a small hop and then walks forward a small distance.
a person lowers both arms and then hops straight up slightly before walking forward normally.
a person slowly walked forward
raising hand then throwing something.
person brings up their right hand before extending it forwards. they then bring both hands up to chest level.
a person aised the right hand and made some jesture
a person raises their hands to their mouth as if shouting.
a person is taking a picture of the subject.
a person moves its arm in an upward motion as if to pick something up with both hands
the person gets a small push in the back
a figure stands still hesitantly
a person stand still and slightly moves legs and arms.
a man starting off in a running pose runs forward, landing on his right foot.
person is running forward quickly.
the man hurries forward 3 steps.
a person jogs forward for a bit
a person standing up jogs slowly forwards, then stops.
a person jogs straight forward.
a man jogs in a small circle.
a person hops from one foot to another while bouncing in the same space
a person lightly jogging in place from left to right.
a person dances by throwing their hands in the air.
this person waves with his left arm then his right.
person holes left hand up put his hand down then puts right hand up and put his hand down.
a person puts something on the ground.
this person bends forward and reaches as if to pick up something with his right hand.
moving front and band taking some thing on the hand.
the man jogs to the right then to the left then back to beginning.
a person walks to their right three steps, to the left six steps and then turns around to face away as they walk back to the start.
the person starts from the middle, jogs to the right and then all the way to the left before jogging back to the middle
person opens drink and drinks it
a person is holding something in their left hand, touches it with their right hand, and lifts their left hand to their face.
a person has both arms raised, bending at the elbows. they lift their left hand up to take a drink.
persons tries to sit indian style but cannot
a person tries to curtsey and stands back up.
figure bends down crosses legs and stands back up
a person who jumped forward
a person takes one hop forward.
person springs forwards very rapidly.
a persons walks forward, then make a slight left turn and continues walking
the person walks in front of them then turns to their left while walking
a person walks straight and then turns to the left while continuing to walk.
a person runs forward quickly
a person running across a room
a person who stands with his arms by his sides runs forward four steps and stops.
a person kicks with his right leg.
a person kicks with their right leg.
the person was standing up doing a back kick
a person makes a casting motion over their right shoulder and then reels in.
a person casts a fishing line, reels it in, then tugs the rod.
a person stands in one spot, casts a fishing rod and then reels it in
a person stands on his left leg, swings his right leg out to the side, back, and then he returns to a two-legged standing position.
a person lifts his right leg around in the air.
a man standing on one leg and moves the other around
a person is throwing with both hands
somebody celebrating in a calm manner
person puts arms above head jumps up and puts arms bent at elbow at stomach level
a person uses right hand to put something in its mouth.
a person standing and puts left hand up in air.
a person stayed on the place and after raised the right hand
a person walks forward a few steps and then takes a drink with his right hand
a person bounces while walking forward, stops, holding something in his right hand lifts it up to his face and then lowers it
a person walks awkwardly forward and picks something up with their right hand.
person purposefully walking briskly forward then making a right turn.
the person makes a right turn while walking forward
a man walks directly forwards then makes a gradual right turn in a semi-circle whilst continuing walking.
the sim steps backward before sitting down and standing back up again.
a person stepping back and sitting down
person turns to left, to look back, sits down with hands on lap, then stands back up.
a person picks something up in front of them moves it to the side then moves it back
the person looks to pick up an object, moves it over to the left as if to show it then moves it to the right as if to put an object up.
a person grabbed soemthing and put it somewhere
a person walks in a clockwise circle carrying something in his arms
a person walks in a counter clockwise position with arms out in front as if carrying a box.
a man holds something in both hands and walks in a counterclockwise oval, before coming to a stop, then resuming walking.
kicking feet around while standing.
a person kicks their feet while standing
a person sways and kicks out one foot at a time.
a man runs straight forward
person jogs for a second and stops
person jogs forward at an angle.
a person is running quickly.
the person is running to the right.
a person in a running position races four paces forward.
running in a diagonal line.
a man jogs forward with bent arms.
a person ran forward in a left direction
a person throwing a ball
swaying hands in a circular motion.
man seems to be throwing the ball
a person waves with its right hand.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person does a long wave
a person walks forward, then takes a large step clockwise
a figure stumbles as he walks in a loosely diagonal line.
he starts getting pushed a lot
a person takes multiple steps towards the camera with the two final steps appearing be going up a set of stairs.
the stick figure walks in a forward motion, with a slight sway, from left to right.
person is casually walking up some stairs
a person walks forwards, spins on their left foot and walks back to where came from
a man walks forward turn around and walks back
a person walks turns and returns
a person holds something with both hands before winding up and throwing it with their right hand
hands meet in the middle, both hands go to the right shoulder, and then the right hand throws forward.
moving arms then throwing something.
a person walks forward, reaches down slightly with the right arm and then steps backwards.
a person walks forward to open something then steps back.
person takes two steps forward, makes an opening door action with right hand, then steps backwards.
a person walks diagonally across a room from left to right.
the person is walking towards the left.
a person walks in a curved movement to the left
a man jumps then kicks the air whilst moving to the opposite end of the room.
the person kick his right foot up and both hands up in clockwise circle and stop.
a person jumps and spins to the right while kicking
dusting something off the left side of the body
a person holds out one arm to the side head high while the other moves up and down in the front.
a person strums a guitar.
a man takes a step and then throws with his right hand
a person draws their arm back and throws something forward.
a person uses their right arm to make a throwing motion.
a person sitting down in the floor.
a person slowly sits down with arms raised above his knees.
a person sits down on an object.
a person is playing ring around the rosie.
a person skips in a circle one way and then turns and skips in a circle in the opposite direction.
a person jumps around in a circle clockwise then counter clockwise.
a person seems to be hopping on his legs.
a person is running in one place.
a person runs in place.
the man does a short step
a person who is standing with his arms down by his sides takes a step forward and to his left by leading with his left leg.
a person sidesteps to their left.
a person is walking then stops and sits down
a person walks forward, turns around and sits on a chair.
a person walks forward, briefly sits down, and then stands and walk back in the opposite direction.
the person waves both hands simultaneously
a person puts both arms up and waves them back and forth at their side.
a person waves both of their arms in a signalling manner.
putting hand above head.
man raises and moves right hand over his head.
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person takes a jumpshot.
person is dribbling a basketball and doing a crossover site.
a person appears to be dribbling a basketball with his left hand, then shoots with both hands
a person slowly walked forward
a person walking really slow.
this person steps and walks forward very slowly.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
walking forward and jumping.
a person sidesteps to the right, then left and back right, as if they were working out.
a person shuffles their feet to the right and left twice, then returns to the start position.
a person moved in left and right direction
a person walks curved to the right.
at a steady pace, a person walks forward and then in a bending arc to the right.
a person walks forward in a clockwise semi circle
a person walks forward a few steps
a person walks forwards fastly
the person walks forward slowly.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a man takes two staggering steps backwards, then ends in a standing position.
a person takes three steps backwards.
a person walks backwards and then steps up stairs backwards as well
figure looks around then backs up
the person is walking backwards.
a person throws a ball with his right arm, then catches a ball with both arms up by his right shoulder.
the person appears to throw something with his right hand then catch something with both hands.
a person makes a throwing motion with the right arm, and then makes a catching motion with both hands.
a person walks backwards carefully.
person is walking backwards in a straight line.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides moves backwards four steps starting with his left foot.
a person on all fours stands straight up
the person stood up from a kneeling position.
the figure is standing up but is struggling to gain his balance
a person makes a circular rubbing motion with their right hand.
the person is watching something with his right arm.
the person moves their right hand around their chest in a clockwise circular motion and lets it fall to his side.
moving arms from side to side.
a person sways left to right while swaying their arms from hip to hip (flossing).
a person waves their arms about by their waists.
a person jumps up and down once.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person jumped on the place
the man walks forward fastly
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forcefully forward
a figure holds its hands near chin level and shakes them out to loosen stress
starting with his elbows raised and his forearms in front of his upper arms, a person extends his elbows, moving his forearms to the side and bringing them back in.
a person waving their arms around.
a person stand still and does nothing.
the person standing still with her arms out to their side.
person is standing motionless in this video
a man bending over forward holding something with his left hand in the air and creating a twisting motion with his right hand above the object.
person leans forward while holding something with left hand and appearing to unscrew it with right hand.
a person is leaning over and tightening a lid or bolt.
a person bends over, picks up a small object, and places it in front of them.
a person standing upright and bending with both arms touching the floor and getting back up.
the man bends down and pick up a object off the floor.  he then puts the object onto a table or elevated surface.
this person jogs quickly moving forward.
a person jogs holding his hands in front of his body.
the person is walking and running forward.
facing forward, a man remains still for 4 seconds and then quickly side-steps to the left.
person takes one step to the right
moving right side on the floor.
person seems to be preparing food
a person makes and drinks a cup of coffee.
the figure picks something up with their left hand and then picks up something with their right and pours it on top of the object on the left shaking it over the object on the left before the left object is lifted up to the face with the left hand.
a person moves their hips around in a circle.
a person is moving their hips around in a circle.
a person moves their hips in a clockwise motion.
the person paces back and forth from left to right a few times before stopping in the center and facing forward
a person paces back and forth from right to left
this person is walking back and forth and stops in the center.
a man walks gradually down a slope whilst gently swaying his arms.
a person who is standing with their feet shoulder width apart begins walking forward, swinging his arms in an alternating pattern, then stops after a few steps.
person walks forward with hands swinging on side.
a person takes one step forward, jumps into the air giving their right leg out; after landing they take another step forward, make a swift counter clockwise turn before taking a last step forward stopping to pose with the right arm extended perpendicular to the right of the body and the left hand held near the front of the lower torso.
a person jumps, kicks in the air, and then proceeds to dance and strikes a pose.
a person dancing like michael jackson.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a slow counterclockwise circle while slowly swinging their arms.
a person jumps to their left
the person jumps once to the left
a person jumps to the left.
a person stands on his left leg and hops up and down.
a person is jumping on his left leg in one place.
a person hops on their left foot.
a person walks forward turning to the right.
person walks forward quickly in a clockwise position
the person walks forward in bears to the right
a person walks forward and trips.
a man stepping over an object.
a man walks forward and stumbles.
the person walk forward four steps and stop.
a person walks forward normally
starting with the right leg, a person walks forward five steps to end up standing still, feet side by side.
a person stumbles forward while walking, then stumbles back and to the left, then forward and ends up turning around while stumbling.
this person is walking and stumbling as if drunk.
a person stumbles around seemingly drunk back and forth trying not to fall over
a person acts as if they are picking up a bucket of water and pours it out.
a person displaces an objecy by tilting it from right to left.
a person holds something in both arms and then lifts the object with his left arm before returning it to its original position
the person walks forward slowly and then stops
a man walks forward a few steps, stopping in a standing position.
a person walks forward somewhat swaying.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person slowly walks foward
person walks slowly for five paces
the person walked forward and then turn right.
a person walks towards the right side.
walking ahead and to the right
a person takes small steps forward, leans over and does something with their right hand, then steps back.
a man walks a couple steps forward then stops and reaches forward with his right hand move one object slightly before taking a couple of steps back.
a person moves their right hand from left to right in front of them.
the man walks forward swinging his arms turns and walks back.
a person walks while widely swing their arms, then turns and walks back.
a person is walking straight while swinging their shoulders back and forth.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one small step backwards and resumes his original stance.
a person takes a slight step back
a person steps back slightly.
the person was walking and turned right around to go the other direction.
a person walks forward then spins around with one foot, then walks back.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, swings around 180 degrees and walks back to where he started.
the person does a cool dance
a person dances in place, kicking backwards.
a person leans forward and kicks backwards several times alternating feet, and also swings arms forward alternating
a person turns their body left and moves their arm forward like a tennis forehand motion then returns to starting position.
a man turns to right and throws an object with his left hand.
a person uses their left hand to swing
a person picks something up and moves it to the left.
this person slowly and carefully lift something from left to right.
a person is reaching down to grabbing something at waist height, and moving from left to right at waist height, and standing straight up again.
a person lightly kicks something with their right leg.
the man kicks with his right foot and then returns to a stable position.
walking backwards and then stopping.
the person is fighting bugs.
the person makes many gestures in quick succession.
moving hands in circular motions near chest.
a person is jogging in place.
the man is jogging on the spot
a person jogs on the spot.
the person is jogging forward turning right.
person runs forward, then runs to their right
running in a diagonal line.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides takes two steps forward, turns 180 degrees and take two steps in the other direction.
a person slowly walked forward and after returned back
a perosn takes two steps, pivots on the second, and then takes three more steps.
the person is walking around in a circle.
a man walks anticlockwise in a circle and then stops.
a individual walks in a oval like manner not completing the entire shape.
the person is walking then stops and walks again
a person walks forward stops and then continues walking.
person walks five  steps then stops then walks a few more steps and stops
this person appears to left something heavy from left to right.
a person picks up an object with two hands, tilts it to his right and then moves the object back to its original position
using both hands a person lefts something up to the right, holds it, and then puts it back.
a person walks forward and to the right, then stops.
this person walks as if he has a bad leg.
a person walk ahead, takes left turn and stops at the next left turn.
a person grabbed both hands and did something
a person claps their hands together.
a person claps in front of the body.
a person lifts an object with his left hand
a person bends their elbow and moves their left arm up and down quickly.
a person quickly picks something up with their left hand.
a man raise left hand holds for a couple seconds lowers then repeats same action with the right
stick figure holding its left arm up before lowing it and raising his right arm
the person is doing an elbow warm up.
the person is doing arm and squat exercises.
a person lifts their arms above their head, squats, and then puts their arms down.
the person raises both arms before performing a squat
a person stepping diagonally to their right
a person steps at an angle forward and to the right.
a person stands still, then suddenly steps forward and to the right, ending in a standing position.
a person walks forwards and almost falls backwards.
a man walks forward and stumbles.
a person walks forward and then staggers back.
a person jumps in place
the person is jumping up and down.
a person jumping up and down.
a person rocks back and forth slightly in an intimidating stance.
a person stands with a wide defensive stance.
the person stretches their elbows
a person touches toward his pelvis, then extends hand and raises it.
a person has something in their left hand, and brings it to their face.
a person turns their left palm upwards and lifts it towards their face and drops it back down again.
person picks something up with their right hand then walks forward
a man picks something up on his right and then walks forwards.
a person who is walking
a man is standing still, puts his hands together behind his back then bends over and looks to the right then goes back to his beginning position
a person bends over while raising their hands behind their back as if they were stretching.
a man stretches with his hands interlocked behind his back.
a person is standing then pushes something with their right should and finally stands still.
a man is pushed forward slightly.
a person stumbles forward as if they are under the influence.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides quickly walks to his right and stops.
a figure walks forward and to the right in an arc shape
a figure stands still for awhile, waiting
a person standing still in one location for 10 seconds.
a person stayed on the place
a person is leaping a few feet, turning direction, then leaping another few feet.
a person jumps over something multiple times.
jump on the floor moving one place to other place create a box.
a person runs to the right, turns around and runs to the left, then runs towards the middle.
the figure ran back and forth in a small area
a person runs to their right, then to their left, then back to the starting position.
the person was pretending to be a hummingbird.
a person pretends to be a hummingbird
a person pulses their arms up and down at their sides until it gets super fast.
a person steps back and forth while switching what leg is in front and what arm is at their head.
a person moves their arms and legs to the side in alternating paths in a dance.
the person is exercising with his arms and his legs.
a person slowly throwed something
a person throws a ball with both hands.
a person makes a throw while jumping up
a person turns to their left, walks forward, turns left again and walks back, then turns left again and walks back to the start position.
a person moved to left and after right direction and return
a person walking back and fourth from left to right and stopping in the center.
the person holds their hand to their face, then puts their hand down.
a person brings their right arm up to their chest.
a person walks forward very slightly then brings up their right hand to its face.
a person skipping across a room.
a person dances to the right, then left, then right again.
an individual eagerly runs forward in a fashion similar to launching a kite.
the person  is taking steps clean over some thing.
person walks straight ahead awkwardly
he starts to clean a lot
person walks forwards and sits down and scratches upper body and then gets up
a person walks forward, sits in a chair, scratches their chest with their right hand, then stands up and walks away.
a person walks forward, turns left, sits down, touches their upper chest area a couple of times with their right hand, then stands up and walks back.
person walks backwards up the stair case.
a person takes a couple of steps backwards.
person is walking straight backwards.
a person walks on something with his arms extended horizontally to try to maintain his balance.
a person holds their arms to the side to balance and walks in a straight line.
an individual sticks out their arms and balance walks forward.
a person plays the violin with their bow in their left hand.
a person holds their right arm outstretched with their left hand moving back-and-forth in front of them as though they are playing the violin.
the person is playing the violin with his left hand.
a person walks forward with purpose
a person is walking forward fast
a person slowly walks forward.
a person picks up an item with it's left hand, passes the item to their right hand in front of their body, and sets the item down with their right hand.
a person is waiting slightly impatiently.
the person was moving their arms straight out to the side.
person takes one step forward leans down to pick something up and takes two steps backwards.
a person puts something down and walks back.
a person walks forward, then leans in, then reaches out to get something.
the person quickly sidesteps to their left.
a person steps to his left.
moving side to side.
a person sweeping the floor
a person is sweeping the floor
a person moves their hands back and forth as if using a broom.
a man steps forward and scuffs the ground with his right foot, then steps back to his original position.
the person is putting out a cigarette.
a person kicks something off their right foot.
a person walks while holding their arms still.
person walks casually in a straight line
a person walks forward without moving his arms.
a standing person readies and loads their gun into shooting position, then continues to shoot their gun, firing left to right in a sweeping motion.
a person holds their hands out in front of them, suddenly lifts up their left hand, and then vibrates both hands while moving them in a semicircle around their chest.
someone cocked a large gun and then began firing from right to left in a fast motion.
a person steps to the right, slides their left foot, and waves with their right hand.
walking a short distance diagonally.
a person slides to the left and then waves his hand.
a man walks forwards for a few seconds.
a figure walks forward at a normal pace.
a man is walking forwards
a person places their hands in front of their face, and then places them back at their sides.
moving hands towards face.
a person raised the both hands and pull it down
the person is drinking from a bottle with his left hand.
this person uses both hands as is to open something.
a person is mixing something and then takes a drink.
the person is singing i’m a little tea pot.
someone picks up something with the left arm and lifts something with the right arm
using both hands to handle an object, lifts object and puts it under their right shoulder, and then bucks hips. appears to be cooking, perhaps
person walks forwards, stops, turns to the right, swiveling around, then walks back to the start.
a person walks straight, turns around and walks back.
person walks forward then turns around and walks back
the man take 4 steps in a curve to the right.
a person walks forward in a curved motion to their right and then leans forward.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
person does a quick jump and then stumbles to the left.
a person jumps up and down, then shuffles to the left.
person jumps up and then stumbles to the left
a person moves left shoulder backwards, then right shoulder backwards. person then takes a step backwards with right foot, then left foot, and finally right foot.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person shifts to the left then right before stepping backwards.
a person walks forward swinging their shoulders, turns around, bends at the knees and then walks back
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides walks forward seven steps with his knees bent, stops, turns 180 degrees, bends his knees and walks two more steps.
the person walks forward with their knees bended
a man walks slowly forward with his arms high above his head, stop, and lowers his arms.
a person walks slowly forward placing one foot in front of the other whilst raising both arms straight up and then back down.
a person walks forward with hands above their head scary like.
a man walks forwards at a medium-fast pace, while swinging his arms which are bent at the elbow.
a man walks forward and doesn't stop,
the toon is walking in a normal fashion.
the person starts wiping off something then stand back and lift both their arm up
a person wipes something with their right hand and walks backwards.
someone making a wiping motion with one hand then moving backwards a few steps and then palcing arms up to suoulder heighth.
a person standing with his legs apart and moving the right arms slightly down.
a man steps his right leg back and leans on it before returning to standing position
someone is standing with their legs spread wide, then they bring them closer together
a person strides forward at a brisk pace.
man walking forward quickly, arms swinging back and forth.
a person slowly walked forward
the person is running forward.
a person quickly jogs forward.
the man does walking run
a person squatting down lifts his right hand up to his face over and over again
the man squats and washes something with his right hand.
the man is eating with his fingers
the person walk forward and wipe some thing off.
a person steps forward, leans down, and moves left hand in clockwise motion.
walking forward and bending down.
person walks while veering right
a person walks in a half circle
a person walks in a right diagonal then stops.
forward person walk forward and turn to the right and then walked back the other direction.
a person does a slow strut then does a quick 180deg pivot on their right foot, then finally struts back.
a persin steps forward, swings around in a clockwise motion, and steps forward.
a person walking down and taking a left turn
person walks forward, and in a half circle, angles to the right of the screen
a person starts walking forward, and follows an anti-clockwise path for a quarter turn.
the person is doing an upper body warm up.
the sim is standing upright, with their left arm extended up into the air, in the motion that appears to be a stretch.
a man waves his raised left arm from left to right.
a person bends forward, as if nodding their head.
man bending forward in frontward position.
a person bows slightly, bending at the torso.
a person performing two t poses
person raises arms to shoulder height and down
a person is standing straight and lifts their arms outward at their shoulder level, their arms then come back down and are lifted once again, this time with the right arm slightly higher than the left.
a person bends forward from the waste, walks diagonally towards the left, then stops and turns back while lifting their right arm, the person then returns to the bent over position and continues forward.
person was walking carefully searching for something.
a person walks slowly forward while looking around
a man walks forward and leans his hands on a table while lifting his left leg.
a man steps forward, then pushes against something at midsection-height with his left leg behind him, then steps back.
walks forward and leans both hands on table
a person fastly walked backwards
a person takes quick, short steps backwards as if controlling a stumble.
person was pushed from the front but did not fall.
a persons begins to run forward slightly to their right
a figure jogs in a straight line, arms at its side
someone starts running across the street
the man leaps to the left.
a person quickly jumps to their right.
the person does a big side step to its red side.
a person standing up uses both of their hands to push something up above their head vertically.
a person stands in one place, lifting both arms up above their head as if lifting weights
a person lifts their arms together over their head multiple times.
a person drags his left leg while crossing his right leg over it and then waivers crossing right over left and somewhat backwards.
the person is walking and crossing his legs.
the left foot takes a big side step over the right foot twice, then the right foot takes a big side step over the left foot.
a person walks to his right and walks back.
going forward and backwards create some drawing on the floor.
the body walks in a bend right to left and back to the starting point.
a person breakdances while kicking feet and then flips backwards while spinning on their hands, landing on their feet
a man practices capoeira moves.
a person bounces between their right and left feet before crouching down and throwing their feet up over their head and landing on them again.
your son was playing football and stopped.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides dashes forward and to his left, leading with his left foot.
a man leans down and puts his left knee and hand down to the ground and then right knee and hand, then man sits straight up kneeling down on the ground.
the person is kneeling down with both hands.
band on the floor push the hands.
a man raises both arms above his head and squats down and returns to the starting position twice.
the person t-poses then brings their arms above their head and squats two times.
a person raises their arms above their head and squats at the same time.
person is walking wobbling forward.
a person walks forward slowly, then jumps once.
a man is walking forward and jumps after.
the man is using his arms and legs to propel him self forward in a running fashion.
figure runs forward quickly in a diagonal direction.
a person runs from the top right to the bottom left of the screen.
he stands and wobbles slightly, as if trying to stay steady in the wind
a figure stands with its arms sort of out to its sides, swaying slightly back and forth tentatively
a person holds both arms out to the sides and sways slightly back and forth
a figure walks in a straight line, turns and sits facing away, then stands and walks away
a person walks quickly forward, turns and sits, and then stands up and walks away.
a person walks to a chair, sits, and walks away.
a man is stretching the left leg while bending to the right.
the person is standing still with their arms on their hips, they lean back on their right leg while extending their left leg and do two mini dips with their right leg
a person with their hands on their hips, and their legs slightly spread apart, and bending up and down slightly.
this person runs quickly forward.
a person sprints quickly downward.
person runs speedily ahead then stops
a figure side leaps to the left then takes of jogging in that direction
a person jumps sideways to the left while pulling their arms in and elbows out, then they continue running.
the person jumps to the side, then runs in that direction.
person is walking forward in an unstable manner
a man steps forward shakily, leaning to his left and then his right in an uneven path using his arms for balance.
a man walks forward while leaning from side to side.
person loses balance and regains it quickly
plants off left foot and quick shuffle to their right.
person was pushed from the left but did not fall.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person casually walks a few steps forward.
a person stands straight with their arms at their sides moving forward at a reasonable pace.
a figure scratches where its head would be with its right hand.
a person scratches their head.
a person raises his right hand to his head and pats.
this person waves his right arm up and down as if to enjoy a beat.
an individual is standing still before raising their right hand & arm up as to point then bobbing their arm & moving their body almost as to a dancing motion.
someone bounces a ball-like object with their right hand.
running forward and stopping.
a person is running forwards
a person runs forward several steps.
the person is doing a tough guy walk.
a person walks slowly like they will fight someone.
person walks slowly in a clockwise direction and hunches body back with elbows
a person is pretending to be an elephant
an elephant lifts its trunk high in the sky
a person raises their right arm in front of their face like an elephant.
a person walks forwards casually.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person walks briskly forward
this person reaches down and steps then makes a wiping motion.
a man stoops to his right, picks up an object then transfers it to his left hand.  he turns to his left, sets down the object with his left hand then uses his right hand in a wiping motion.
the person turned off the shower and was drying his right arm.
a person takes a large step with their right leg
a person widely steped forward in right direction
the person took a big step over the clean floor.
someone walking backwards in a strait line
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person walks backwards after a second or two
a person runs backwards, turns halfway then runs forward.
a person runs backwards then turns adound and continues running forwards in the same direction.
a person runs backwards then turns and continues running forewards.
a person who has his hands by his sides takes four very deliberate steps forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is walking very slow.
the man moves his right hand
this person is standing still while reaching high with his right arm.
a person who is standing with his right hand raised reaches skyward with that hand.
a person walks forward turns right to walk back.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
the sim walks a couple steps forward before turning around leading with their right foot and walking back to the opposite side of the plane.
lift your leg and extend it about hip hieght then place your foot back on thr ground.
a person walks up stairs while holding the rail
a person walks up stairs, holding the rail with their right hand.
person has both hands in the air elbows bent then raises and lowers a few times
a man moves both of his outstretched arms around at his sides.
the person is warming up their upper body
the person is waving with his right arm.
this person raises is right arm as if to touch his head.
a person is scratching their head with their right hand
figure appears to be pouring a drink
person picks up something with right hand, then walks across the room and picks up something with left hand
person facing forward stretches forth right hand and slightly bends as though to pick up something, walks 2 steps pivots to the left and bend to pick up something with his left and wipes it with the right hand, stop.
a person slowly jumped and bend on knee
the person is jumping up vertically.
the man is jumping vertically
someone bends at the waist to pick something up before standing back up and placing it on a table in front of them.
he bends down from the waist, picks up an object from the floor, and stands up, setting it on a table
a person leans over and picks something up
a person walks in stride forward.
the person walks forward in a strolling motion.
person is taking slow and long steps forward
a person walks down something, while their left arm is raised.
a person walks down stairs using the hand rail for the first couple of steps
a person walks down the stairs, wobbling side to side, then stops at the bottom.
a person wobbles while walking very narrowly.
a person walks forward with their arms extended for balance.
a person walks forward while trying to balance on a straight line.
a man steps back, then walks forward picking up an object from the ground and afterwards turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
a person is walking and injures their foot
a person takes a couple steps back , walks forward , stops to bend over and pick something up off the ground , continues walking forward a few steps before turning clockwise and beginning to walk back to where the person originally started .
the man stomps his left foot.
a person stomps with their right foot.
the man is stomping to the right
a person scratches head with right hand.
a person scratches his head with his right arm
a person scratches their head.
the person is walking up the stairs and stood still.
a person walks up a few steps, turns around at the top, and then walks back down the steps
the figure person goes up four steps relaxed, then down 4 steps calmly.
a person pets an animal that is low to the ground.
a person moves their right hand as if petting a large dog, then takes several steps back.
the person is wiping something with their right hand.
person standing with outstretched arms, drops arms down to side, then lifts arms up with elbows bent, palms facing each other, then drops arms down to sides
a person lowers arms from either side and raises them in front of chest and back down.
the person is lifting weights put his arms out to the side and then to the front
a man lifts his right arm up
a man stretches his arms to his sides, and then lifts his right arm up and holds it there.
a person stands at the bottom edge of the path right in the center with a slight squat, raises both arms, places them down, then raises the right red arm and holds it there for a few seconds before placing it back down
a man dances before running forward then running backwards
a person dances on the spot and then runs forward.
a person does a few dance steps, moves forward and then moves back.
a person throws something.
person throws something forward with right hand.
throwing something while standing.
a person slowly throws punches with their left and right hands.
the sim is standing with both arms upward in a boxing motion, then making a punching motion with right & left fists.
a person is in a boxing stance- extending and contracting his left hand and arm followed by his right hand and arm.
a person is sitting down, and then puts both arms above to rest as if on a bench.
the man extends both arms outwards to his full wingspan.
a person resting their hands on their knees.
the person is jumping with his hands up.
a person squats then jumps up with both arms raised twice
a person does a jumping jack motion
a person walks forward at a relatively slow pace.
person walks forwards at a slight angle.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person takes four steps forward then jumps straight up.
a person standing in place starts to walk forward.
a person pauses briefly before taking a few steps forward, then stops and jumps once.
he starts walking very slowly
a person walks forward while letting both arms hang loose at their sides, moving together.
the person is walking very slow
a person performs a forward kick with their right leg.
the man did a karate kick forward
the person appears to prepare a stance, which is followed by a forward kick using the right leg.
the person makes a quick side step towards the right
person stands still then puts one leg then other to their side nearly tripping up
a man takes one step sideways to his right.
the person walk two steps and turn around and back two steps then stop.
a person takes two steps forward, turns around clockwise, and takes two steps back
this person walks forward then back.
a person uses their left hand to wash a window.
a person is moving their left arm in a circular motion in the air.
the man is washing the window
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person takes two large steps forward, pivots on the right leg, and take several steps back to the starting position.
a person walks forward two steps, takes a right turn, and walks back two steps.
a person steps over something.
person walk forward and stepped over some thing.
a person walks and steps over something.
walking forward while waving.
the person makes the sign of the cross three times with their right  hand.
the person is doing the sign of the cross.
the person turned around and sat down.
a person walking up to their seat and sitting down.
person walks forward, turns around and sits down
a person drunkenly moves their hands in sloppy circles in opposite directions in front of them, and then waves their hands side to side.
a person lowers his arms then waves them infront of him
person starts with arms raised and brings them down then moves arms in lot of various motions up and down
a man puts both hands on his hips and jumps up and down.
walking forward then squatting.
a person walks forward then turns around and sits before getting up to walk back.
a person rests their hands on their knees while squatting.
a person with knees bent stands and holds arms out to the sides, drops them down to his side
the person stands still while crouching.
the person walks forward doing a dribble kick.
the sim steps back before launching forward, making a kicking motion with their right foot twice.
the person steps backwards then passes a soccer ball wit their right foot.
a person swinging its right arm, while its left arm is slightly elevated.
with the right hand, the person hits a drum they are holding in their left hand.
a person uses their right hand to slap something several times with a rhythm of slow, slow, fast fast fast.
a person is dancing with a partner with their left arm extended.
a person holds their arms out and makes steps as if dancing.
someone holds their hands up in a partners' dance, then waltzes back and forth.
a person picks something up with their right hand and walks forward.
a person walking forward agressivly
a person picks up an object and walks forward.
a figure hops in place
person bends at the knees then jumps into the air, before landing again.
a person jumps in place from a standing position.
bends to the right, picks up something, turns, then sets it down.
a person moving something heavy from one place to another.
a person turns towards to the right, picks up a heavy object and turns and set it down in front of him.
person walks up something towards hit right hand side.
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides walks forward and then takes two steps up.
person walks straight then looks like it takes a couple steps up
person stepsdown from a step to a standstill
a person takes a large step with their left leg in a diagonal, forward-left direction.
the person is walking over a clean floor.
a person walks straight forward.
this person walks forward then stops.
the person walks forward in a fairly straightforward line for avout 5 steps ans stops at the edge of the perimeter
a person is walking forward strangely
user does a slight jog on a diagonal path
a person takes four large steps diagonally forward and stops.
a person is sitting in a chair eating a burger.
figure cowers on haunches, hands raised in front of them
a person sitting down, has their arms up beside their head.
a person bends their right leg up at the knee and catches it with their right hand, stretches, then lets it go.
a person raises their right leg then sets it back down.
man takes right hand and lift up right leg then gently put it down facing straight forward.
person hold hand out and with right hand does a circular movement
this person is using his right hand as if the clean a counter.
a person wipes a table with their right hand.
a person is standing still, then proceeds to clap, then stands still again
a person claps their hands
a person is standing straight, and quickly rubs their hands together.
a person walks forward  to bow then place hands on shoulders of other person and bows again.
a person slowly walked forward in righr direction and after person raised right and left hand
the man moves forward and puts his arms down
a person steps each leg backwards.
a person is walking backwards
a man walks backwards swiftly.
a person walks casually forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person stopped over a big gap in the floor.
a person sta on something and raised the hands and made some jesture
the person is turning the steering wheel.
the person is moving is body from left to right slowly.
a person stands still and then takes one large step back with their right foot.
walking back and then stopping.
a person is pushed from the front and recovers.
a person walks forward in a clockwise semi-circle
a person walks curving to the right.
person walk to the right
person walks forward, stumbles back, and continues forward
a person walks forward, is pushed backward, and then resumes walking forward.
this person walks forward then skips then continues to walk.
the person was feeling something in front of him
a person uses their right hand to open something, brings their left arm up to their mouth, then closes it with their right hand.
a person opens a bottle, drinks it, then puts the cap back on.
a person bends down to pick something up, splashes his face then walks to the left diagonally.
the person bent over to toss some thing.
this person bends forward to pick up something then throws it forward.
a person is walking and then falls to the right but recovers
a person who seems to be pushed to the right
a person slowly walked forward in right direction and after in left direction
a man takes several steps backward.
a person slowly walked backwards
walking backwards then stopping.
this person spins around with arms extended to his sides.
the person is spinning around like a spinning wheel.
a person lifts their arms and spins slowly
a person lifts their right leg and bends it behind them, places it back on the ground, and then repeats
the person is doing right knee exercises.
a person stands on their left leg, lifts up their right leg and then swings their right leg around to the side and behind them.
a figure walks carefully one foot in front of the other.
a person with his hands by his sides raises his arms, steps on a beam, walks the length of the beam, steps off the beam and stops.
a person slowly walks forward in a narrow path, holding their arms out to either side for balance.
a person is sitting with their hands on their knees, swaying back and forth.
standing still with hands on knees.
a person puts his hands to his knees and starts moving his body.
a person walks forward and stops.
a man walks forward, stumbles to the left, and then regains his balance and keeps walking forwards.
a person walks forward and staggers slightly to the right.
throw a baseball with his right hand.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person throws with their right hand.
a person lifts an item with both hands and rotates the left upward before placing the item back down in the same position
a person picks something up, places it upright, then puts it down.
a person turns towards his left, picks up something, pours to his right and then places the item back down.
a man does the charleston.
the person was dancing the charleston.
a person did somehting with right and left legs
a person walks towards the screen starting at the top left and then across the screen towards the bottom right, making an l.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
a man walks forward, turns to the right and then continues walking.
a person leans on something to their left with their left hand and kicks out right leg.
a person walk forward, trips but catches their fall with a side step to the left
a person kicked something with right leg
walking diagonally to the left
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
a person walks forward in a diagonal pattern.
a person picks something up from a surface and turns to the left and uses that item on another surface.
the person grabs the can of air freshener and spray
the person reaches for something like a cup and puts it up to their face to drink.
person walks forward speedily then abruptly stops
walking forward and then stopping.
a person stumbles forward a few steps.
a person raises their arms down and then up.
the man raises and lowers his arms several times.
the person held his arms straight out and put them down to a side.
figure appears to be walking slow
a man walks forward slowly, keeping his arms low at his sides, before stopping in a standing position.
the man is walking slowly
a person has their right hand on their head and walks around in a circle.
a person walks around in a clockwise circle, holding their head with their right hand.
walking around holding his head because of a headache.
a person raises their right hand above their head then places them back down.
a person lifts their right hand to the top of their head, rubs their head, then lowers their arm.
a person raises his right arm to scratch his head and then brings arm down.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides quickly runs forward and stops.
a figure jogs forward then halts
a person moves quickly in a forward direction.
the person was pushed but stayed standing.
a person gets pushed back.
someone is pushed backwards, but manages to regain his balance.
a person wiggles his arms around.
a person stands in place moving both arms in a wave like motion.
a person swings their arms around.
person moves forward six steps then stops
a person is walking forward as if trying not to step on something.
a person walking forward a few steps then stopping.
a person with arms stretched straight out brings both hands to crotch, then returns to original position
a person puts hands together, then places them on his thighs and lastly outstretched from his sides.
a person sitting down with their hands in their lap.
a person takes 4 steps forward and then stops.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person slowly walks forward
waving hands near head.
the person is playing with a dumbbell with his left arm.
a person flexes his left arm, bringing his hand from around shoulder height to around head height.
a person slides to their right and appears to step over something, then begins jumping up and down and swinging their arms slightly as if they are jump roping.
a person holds something in each hand, then makes actions of jumping rope
a person jumps rope as a form of excercise
a person swings their arms in a wide circle.
the person is stretching its arms above its head.
a person raised the hands up
person raises both hands into the air and takes two steps forwards, then two steps back, as if dancing, then drops both hands to their side.
forward left, arms up, back right, arms down
a man brings his arms up to head height with elbows bent in front of him, and dances around in a small counter-clockwise circle.
person takes two steps forward then swings right leg around and walks back
person is walking forward turning left.
a figure walks forward then spins jauntily on its heel to walk back
walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
perosn walks forward, turns right, walks back
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
the person is boxing to the left and to the right.
person moving in slow motion raises left hand and then the right hand to strike at the opposition's head
person is practicing boxing punches
a person sits down with both hands on his knees.
a person sits down in a chair and looks around.
a person sits down with their hands on their knees.
a person runs to the right slightly.
a man takes a lumbering jog forward.
the jogs from one end to the other in a diagonal fashion.
stick figure sits down with legs crossed then stands back up
person crosses legs together and sits down then gets back up
a man goes to sit down cross-legged, before stopping and standing up again.
a person carefully sits down in a swaying motion
a person sits down on a chair.
a person lowers to sitting position.
a person standing with his arms by his sides turns to his right and takes four steps, turns 180 degrees and takes five steps, turns 180 degrees again and takes two steps, stops and faces forward.
a person is standing turns left and starts walking some, then they turn around and walk the other way, then they turn around again and walk back to where they started from.
a person walks to the right, and then to the left, and then comes to a standstill where he started.
a person picks something up with their right hand and moves to another spot, where they put it down.
a person who stood in a t pose then proceeded to clean his/her left hand
a person leans down to pick up something, then walks to the right, leans over again, and scrubs something with their right hand.
the person is respectfully taking a knee for blm
a person stands up from being on one knee
a person is kneeling on his right leg whilst holding his left knee with both hands
the man is running and scrambling
this person moves quickly left then right to sit down.
this person swings both arms as though he is doing a workout, and moves quickly with his whole body.
person jumps once then walks forward
the person jumps in the air once then stumbles forwards.
a person jumps, then walks forward.
sit on the floor and like driving.
the man is seated driving a car.
person is in chair or seat using steering wheel
a person claps and puts their hands down.
a man brings his hands up and claps several times in front of his chin, before lowering them to his sides.
a person raises his hands and claps.
a person puts one hand forward then they put the other one forward
a person raised the hand and pull it down
the figures alternate prodding forward above the chest with feet an average length apart.
a person walks two steps straight forward and then walks in a slight curve to their right.
the person is walking forward slowly.
starts with arms straight out and then uses right hand to what looks like press buttons.
stick figure holds arms out to its sides before lowering them
a man holds his arms up at the side of his body and then uses his right hand to place something in front of him and repeats this motion
a person walks forward carefully placing one foot directly in front of the other foot.
a person is slowly tip toeing down a path while using his arms to balance himself.
a person walks slowly forward holding handrail with right hand.
a person lifts weights, and does a short squat.
a person squats and stands back up.
a person raises his arms and squats, lowers his arms, then raises his arms and squats.
a person raises his right hand above his head.
a person moves their right elbow up and down.
he does drink cup right hand
catching a ball and winding up and throwing it back
a person acts like they are throwing an object.
a person moves his hands together and throws something with his right hand.
the person was jogging in place.
a person jogs on the spot
the sim is jogging in place.
the person walks backwards while dribbling the ball
a person bounces a ball on the ground and walks backwards
a person walks backwards while doing the motion of dribbling a basketball.
a person readies themselves into a fighting stance, and takes a couple practice kicks.
a man readies himself in a fighting stance, with his arms up protectively in front of him, as he kicks forward with his left leg.
standing on one foot and kicking.
this person is seated and appears to drink something.
a person is eating something with his right hand.
a person is sitting down eating something with their hands.
a person rubbing there hands together
a person holds their hands together while standing up
someone rubs their hands together in front of their body.
a person is takes a quick step to the right.
a person performing a swift strafing movement to the right
a person gets pushed to their right and recover quickly with their right leg.
the person is picking something up and putting it on something.
a  man uses his right hand to fill in something and bends to collect it down,turns and goes back.
a person turns off the faucet then unclogs the drain out of the bathtub
someone moves their shoulders and waist clockwise
the man stands and loosly swirls his hips.
a person is moving his body and hips around.
a person moving left arm up and the right arm up and then kicks right leg up and then return to position.
sit on the floor and moving the legs and hands .
a person is sitting down and turning something at head level.
a person walks to their right.
a person walks in a rightward half circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person walks in a slight curve to the left.
a man walks in a diagonal direction favouring movement towards his left hand side.
a person walks to the left.
a person crouched down appears to be working on something with their hands.
this person is seated and appears to be eating.
a person sit on something and strat doing something with hands
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person is walking backwards
a man walks backwards and then stops.
the person steps over something then turns around.
the figure appears to step over something with a slightly awkward walk before turning so that we are seeing their back.
a person slowly walked forward
a person standing up raises their left arm to sternum height, then performs circular motions parallel with the ground with their left arm.
the person is staring at someone.
someone uses their left hand to stir something.
a person sits down and crosses its legs, then gets back up.
a person sits down on an object, placing their left leg  over their right thigh before standing up again.
person sits down then puts left leg over right knee
a man walks clockwise in a circle
person walks in a complete clockwise circle
person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person sat in a seat repeatedly turns a steering wheel quickly.
a sitting person gestures with both hands in front of them.
the person is trying to balance while sitting down..
standing in place a person makes circular motions with their hands while bobbing up and down and twisting their pelvis
a person slightly bobs their body up and down while making small circular hand motions in front of them.
a figure dances and rolls their hands jauntily
a person walks forward but sways to the right and left as if maintaning their balance.
person failing to walk a straight line.
this person stumbles while moving forward.
a figure rapidly spins then moves forward to the left
person shakes violently for a brief second then walks away
the gentleman enjoyed a brisk hike on a sunny day in the mountains.
the man is walking around in a circle in a hunched position as if to show he is sneaking.
a person tip-toes around a room.
a person walks straight, then turns right, then turns right again.
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion.
walks in a leisurely pace in a clockwise circle.
a person is walking in a circular motion
a figure gestures confidently around waist and shoulder
person is making hand gestures
both arms moved inward and hands are shaken repeated twice.
a person with his/her arms on his/her side while jumping with his/her legs a few times.
a person jumps in place.
a person bounced six times.
a person rolls forward, turns around then rolls forward again.
a person kneels on their left knee, then rolls forward back to a standing position, turns around and does the same thing in the opposite direction.
a person kneels down, rolls forward, turns around and repeats the action in the opposite direction.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks and jumping in place.
a person does two jumping jacks then jumps up with both legs.
a person gets on his right knee and crawls towards something.
the person got down from a standing position and is crawling.
a person gets on his hands and knees and begins crawling forward in a southern direction.
a person walks to the left quickly.
a person takes quick steps diagonally to their left whilst swinging their arms aggressively
a person walks diagonally across the room while swinging their arms up in front of their body alternatively.
person runs in place, stops, then runs in place again. he crouches down and creeps forward starting with his left foot.
a person ran on the place and after bend the kne and start slowly walk
the figure jogs in place slowly before pausing and jogging in place quickly before squatting down and doing a walking squat.
a person takes some slow small steps forward.
slowly wake forward on floor.
a person takes three steps towards the camera.
a person is sitting and then has their arms raised to their sides.
a person drops their arms to their sides for several seconds before raising them to just below shoulder level.
a standing person lowers his arms to his sides and then raises them again in a t-pose.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
he walks in a circle, clockwise.
a person makes a complete circle then stops, leaving his right foot inside the circle and the left foot outside the circle.
a figure winds up for the pitch.
this person appears to be painting.
a person punches in front of them with their right hand.
a man leans forward on his left leg and does a slow uppercut with his right hand, then steps back.
a person steps back and gets ready to throw something.
a person punches with their left hand.
a person jumps forward once.
a person standing on the ground then jumping forward .
a person prepares to jump forward by swinging arms back and then jumps forward.
walking forward in a slow motion.
a person gingerly walks forward at a slight left angle.
the person is walking and stepped over something.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides confidently takes four steps forward before stopping.
a person walk quickly forward several steps
a man walks forward slowly.
a person walks around and stops.
a person is walking back in forth in a straight line.
a person paces back and forth
a person takes a step back with their right foot, raises their arms, and makes a throwing motion with their right arm.
a person grabbed something and throw it away
the man is moving his arms and legs
a person does jumping jacks.
a person does some jumping jacks.
a man does jumping jacks, hopping as he alternates between spreading his arms and legs wide and bringing them back in.
stand stay and shake the both the hands.
a figure plays the violin
a person plays a violin.
person stands and raises right leg, then proceeds to kick into the air towards the right. person then pivots their torso tot he right, raising their left leg and kicking to the right. then comes back to stand center
a person kicks with their right leg then with their left leg.
person is practicing their kicking
a man leans heavily on his right leg, jerking his right hand in the air in front of him as he does.
person is leaning to the right
a man shakes whilst leaning on his right leg.
person sitting hands in lap, raises hands to chest, returns them to lap, then raises chest high, brings hands together briefly and returns to lap
a person gestures with their hands.
a person who is sitting down raises his hands to chest height, drops his hands, raised them again but this time slightly lower and then drops his hands towards his lap.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person takes  three giant steps forward.
a man walking straight.
a person walks in a path curving to their left.
a person walks forwards and turns left.
person stands still then crosses both arms then goes back into hands by side
a person crosses their arms and puts them back down.
a person crossing their arms
a person walking and then recovering from a push to the right
a man walks quickly to the left.
someone is walking forward, steps around something and then continues walking.
a person turns to the right whilst walking and then stops
stick figure stands still momentarily before walking a clockwise curve motion
person walking and turn abruptly to the right and stops.
a person walks forward while shifting from left to right and turns around in the end.
a person walks forward, pauses and turns left, then proceeds forward and spins in a circle.
the man does cool walk
a person walks straight then turns to the right.
a person walking to their right (direction)
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides steps forward two steps then turns to his right as he continues to walk.
this man is taking pictures of something.
a standing person rotates left and then right with their hands raised together slightly above head level.
a person who seems to call something or shout something out
a person lazily does jumping jacks in place.
moving the hands and legs like a exercises.
the person is jumping with their hands up.
a person performs a squatting motion and lifts arms horizontally
this person stands and stretches backwards.
a person squats down
a person is walking in a circle anticlockwise
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
starting with their right foot, a person walks around in an oval shape
a person carefully walks towards the camera while avoiding things with their feet and holding on to something with their left hand.
a person slowly walked forward and raised the hands
the person is walking the balance beam holding onto the rail.
a man walks forward and then trips towards the left.
a person is walking straight and loses balance on their right side, stumbling.
a person walks on a line and stumbles off.
a person walks forward down a slope.
he walks forward very slowly
a person walks foward starting with their right foot, while swinging their arms at their sides.
a person steps forward, and pours things into something in front of them.
a person is preparing the dough
a person walks up to a counter then mixes things together.
person moves right arm in an opening gesture slowly
a man moves an object with his right hand from the left side to the right side.
the persons right arm reaches over to their left side at shoulder level, than returns to being down.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks forward and stops.
a man takes four steps fowrad.
shake the both the hands.
a man is holding an object then throws it with both hands.
a person drops his arms.
a man stands with his right leg in front of him and his arms bent to either side, wriggling his left arm slightly.
this person has a wide stance with a step and lean to the right.
a figure stands tentatively with their arms back and raised, ready to move
the person drinks the last of the milk using their left hand
person opens bottle and drinks it
person opens a container using right hand and proceed to intake content while holding with left hand
a person sits on the ledge of something then gets off and walks away.
a person sitting on an elevated surface; then waving his or her left hand to someone and the proceeds to walk away
the person walked around inside of one oa barstool.
hands come together and pull back to the right side of the body then the right hand is thrown hard forward.
a person winding up their body to throw something a lot of force
a person grabbed something and throw it, and kept walking forward
the person is on his hands and knees crawling.
a person getting down on their hands and knees and crawling.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person is shaking their shoulders.
the person is shaking their shoulders.
a man moves both arms back and forth in a rhythmic motion.
the person backed up reached over and put some thing in his camera.
a person picks up a phone with his right arm
person steps backward, turns to right, lifts arm to face as is drinking and then lowers arm as if placing glass back on table.
the person was doing a warm up with his elbows.
a person stretches their right arm upwards, then their left arm.
a person waves above their head with both hands one at a time.
a person is walking forward with hips moving left to right.
a person casually strides across the screen.
the first of walking normally forward.
spinning in a circle.
the person is doing spin wheels around.
person is spinning in place while holding their arms out to the sides
a person plays a guitar left handed.
a person standing still, brings their arms up like they are holding a guitar, and strum a guitar
a character stands still for a second and then proceeeds to raise his hands as if to strum a guitar.
a person jumps repeatedly, waving their hands in circles.
a person is jumping up repeatedly.
a person is playing jumprope.
a  person's arms by sides are crossed in front of chest and then lowered by sides again.
a man stands and folds his arms.
a person holds both of their arms.
the man is moving his body and hands around
the toon has both hands clasped together as to be stretching before spinning and then resting with both arms down.
a person raised right and left hand  and after made a cicrle
the person is walking forward with their arms at their side.
the man walks straight forwards.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person takes half a step forward and lifts both arms in a defensive stance, and then returns to a regular standing position.
the person is saluting to someone.
walk forward with hands by face.
a person is running rapidly.
a person trots in a slightly curved line.
a person runs forward.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
the person is walking counterclockwise in a circle.
a person is walking in a counter-clockwise direction with a medium-stride gait.
a person swam in free style
swimming diagonally to the left
a person swims freestyle.
a person sits down on the ground and then back on the ground
a man crosses his ankles, bends down to the ground, presses the ground in front of him with his left hand, and stands back up.
a person crosses his right foot over his left, squats down, touches his palms to the floor, and gets back up again.
a man takes a big jump forward.
a figure takes a jump forward
person is jumping forward once
a person lifts a weight with the left hand.
a person is flexing their left arm.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with his left hand.
the man makes small steps forward and back
a man takes small steps forward and then slowly walks backward with a normal stride.
a person is walking backwards by stomping his feet
a man stands on the ground , raises his left hand up and then lowers it down.
a person raises their left hand to their face.
a person puts their hand to their mouth
a person is stepping around while their hands are behind their back
a man is locking his hands behind his back and sweeping his legs left and right, in a dance like motion.
figure with hands clasped in front of them, sweeps their legs to the left and right
a person gets pushed to the right and remains standing
a person is stumbles to the right after being pushed.
a person quickly slides to their right.
the person took a large step to step over some thing.
a person steps down with his right leg.
a person is stood still and then they use their right leg to make a large step
a persons takes a big golf swing.
practicing my batters swing
a person who is standing with his hands gripped together completes a perfect golf swing.
a person stands around looking from sidse to side and then reaches out in front of them.
the man walks and looks around
the man opens a door and walks in.
a person is doing the cha cha dance.
a person is dancing...stepping back, then side to side, stepping forward, side to side , then back again.
a person performs the waltz.
a man bends his knees and then jumps with both hands in the air.
person shakily goes into a squat position to jump vertically three times
figure appears to be jumping up and down
moving the left hand and touch the head and stomach finally moving the both the hand and  stand.
a person zips up their jacket then spreads their arms out.
person raises right arms and moves arm around circular before placing down and raising both arms to shoulder height
a person walks sideways to the right, stops, then walks sideways to the left.
the person is taking side steps from the left to the right.
a person side-steps to the left, and then side-steps to the right.
a person does a overhead squat.
someone is lifting something while doing a squat
a person lifts dumb bells with both hands
a person cautiously walks toward a slippery spot on the ground and then carefully steps across it.
a man takes a few steps forward hesitates then continues walking forward.
the man is seesawing down
a person is catching something and throwing it back.
a person makes the movements of tossing and catching an object
a person steps forward to catch something in both hands, throws it forward with their right hand, catches something in both hands and throws it with their right hand.
a person takes a few steps forward then begins climbing some stairs.
a person walks to and then up stairs.
a person walks forward in a straight line, then slowly walks up a set of stairs one foot at a time.
a person spreads out his arms.
a person raised the hands and pull it down
a person slightly bends his knees, lifts both arms straight out to his sides, brings his hands down to his knees, pauses for several seconds and lifts his arms straight out to his sides again.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides raises his right hand to mouth level and returns his hand to his side.
a person runs their hand across their hair.
a person raises their right hand to their head
a figure jumps, throwing both arms in the air
a person throws both hands up while jumping off the ground.
shooting a basketball above head.
a person bows their head forward and then stands up straight.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bows at the waist and straightens up.
a person slightly bows their upper body
a person jogs forward and up a set of stairs.
a person takes one large step forward and then five smaller steps in quick succession to indicate jogging and then comes to a stop.
a person walks up steps toward the camera.
a person lifts his left and right arm into the air.
a person moving arms up and down
man gently lifted up left arm then then lift up right arm.
the person is leaning slightly back and forth
a person balances on a board and sways their body from side to side.
a person sways their body side to side.
a standing person steps forward
person stands still and moves forward one step
a person is standing still for most of the video until they take a step forward.
this person is sitting and moving his right arm as if to eat.
the man is eating his finger i think
a person squats on the ground while eating something with his right hand.
walking backwards and then stopping.
a person slowly walked backwards
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person walks forward along the ground.
a person takes small steps towards the front of the screen, starting with their right foot.
a person slowly walked forward
the man has his hands in the air, does a flip drops one hand then the other.
a person raises their arms above their head, then proceeds to do a front flip.
a person does a front hand flip.
a man walks forward, turns and look towards his right, and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back.
a man walks forward, then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
walking backwards and forwards in a sporadic circular motion
the man is doing a dance step.
a person walks backwards in a clockwise circle then walks forward in a counter-clockwise circle twice.
a person is warming up with his elbow back and forward
a person wags their left arm with right hand raised before dropping their right hand to raise the left.
a person with their right arm straight in the air puts the right arm down, and then raises their left arm straight in the air
man extends right arm directly in front of him, moves it in front of his body from left to right and back down
a person raised their right arm in front of them, crossing over their body, then moves the arm to the right at shoulder level until it is out to their side.
a person reaches out and slides their hand across something.
a person walks forward and stops.
a figure gently walks forward.
a person slowly walked forward
a person is moving an object from one spot to another.
a person lifts their hand and motions it to the right then to the left then back down with slight movement of the left arm.
blue hand moves slightly forward. red arm extends out straight. arm is moved in front of the chest. they bend their arm and move the arm to the left again
a man turns his head from left to forward, then walks forward casually, before turning and walking back to his starting point.
a person casually walks forward
a man takes a large step to his right, stopping in a standing position.
the person is taking a clean staff over something.
a person takes a  big step to the left
a man holds his right arm with his left as he stretches it across his chest, then lowers both arms to his sides.
a person stretches their bicep by pressing one arm over the other
a person grasps their right elbow with their left hand, pulling the right arm straight across and stretching it.
someone slowly swings his head and shoulders in a clockwise circle, then swings his hips slowly in a counter-clockwise circle
person appears to move hips in a circle while arms are out.
swaying from side to side,
a peson walking using their right hand to balance
the person is walking forward holding on to somethig with their right hand
he walks on a table
a person sitting with their arms raised moves their arms up and down in a circular motion.
the sim appears to be sitting down with both hands up, rocking and swaying a bit with their hands extended toward their head.
a person is sitting and moves his right and left hand around.
a person is standing in one place, then reaches up and scratches his head.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
person bring their right hand over their head
a person who is standing with legs spread apart and his arms away from his sides, steps forward with his right leg, looks to his right, then takes a step back with his right foot, a step back with his left foot, a step back with is right foot and a step back with his left foot.
a person steps forward with right leg and then walks backwards.
a person slowly walked forward and after return backwards
somebody is giving hand gestures.
the person was a basketball coach.
a person waves their arms in a safe gesture, then points to their body then points forward.
a person taking two steps forward turns clockwise and turns around
a figure walks forward then turns on their heel to walk back where they came from
the person is walking forward turning right
a person bends to their left with their right arm above their head.
the person is doing a warm-up body stretch.
a person waves one arm above his head slowly
the person is on the seesaw.
the man takes backwards steps starting with his right foot.
person is facing forwards then take a step with the red foot backwards, then the blue foot, then the red, then the blue and stops
a person bends both arms in front of body at shoulder level,flaps them and then unfolds them.
a person is standing while waving their arms seven times rapidly from their elbows and stops.
the person is leading his hands
a person picks something up off the floor
a person lunges over and stands up.
the person got in a ready to run position then start back up.
this person with arms out to his sides lowers them and raises them again.
a person who is standing with his arms stretched out from his sides drops his arms, then raises his arms straight out again,
a sitting person sits slouched.
a person walks forward, then rapidly moves to the right, as though hit by something.
a person is walking straight and then acts as if they were pushed from the side.
a person abruptly steps sideways to their right to avoid an object.
the sim raises their right arm, before bring it back to their waste.
a person lifts their right hand.
a person raises their right arm up to shoulder height and then back down
a person walks diagnoally across a room from their right to left and bend to pick up and object, stand back up and look at the object they just picked up.
a person walks towards his left and picks up something.
a person walks forward slowly then bends down and picks something up with their right hand.
a man sits, pulls his phone out, answers the phone and puts it to his head.
a person takes a call with their right hand while sitting down.
this person sits with arms near head.
raising and lowering arms.
a person raises their arms from beside thier body to shoulder height, then lowers them down again.
a person lifts their arms up to their head level twice.
a person walks quickly forward, stops and picks up something heavy, places it up higher on something, turns around and walks back.
a person is lifting someone heavy up
a man steps forward hurriedly, then bends over to pick something up to set it on something else, then turns and walks away.
person loses balance then regains it
a man takes a cross step to his right and then steps with his right foot to stand up straight again.
a man trips to the left, crossing his left leg over his right leg.
user picks up right hand and stairs at palm slowly
person raises right hand to face and does a drinking-motion. extends right arm out, returns to face & does another drinking motion
a person sips a drink two times.
arms to the side, moving up toward the head and back down.
person holds arms out then down then pulls somthing apart.
a person stretches out an object, then proceeds to put it into a tube.
laying down and crawling forward.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards, then stands.
a man gets down on his knees, crawls and then gets up again.
a person rubs their stomach with their right hand.
the person rubs their belly with their right hand in a circle.
the sim is standing still, appearing to brush their chest with their right hand before resting it again at about their waist level.
a man has his arms out to his sides then brings his hands towards his face
person put his left arm down on his right arm down and put his hands together.
a person picks up and object, inspects it with both hands, and then sets the object down.
person moves forward and uses right  hand to  pick something up and move to side
a figure takes a step forward, reaches out with its right (our left) arm and and then returns to its original standing position.
a man moved forward, reached out with his left hand, and moved backward.
a person walks forward while being assisted by hand rails.
the man is walking with handrail table
the person is walking to the left holding onto the handrail.
a person hustles down a short flight of steps before coming to a stop.
a man is walking forward in a hurry
this person walks clumsy while moving forward.
a person bent down gets back up, then starts to do a wiping motion in front of them.
a person grabbed something with right hand, and start to lean on something
a person stands from hunched over and then makes a wiping motion with their right hand.
a person  threw some thing with his right hand.
a person raises their right hand and slaps it on  something in front of them.
a man throws an object with his right hand.
a person appears to hold up an object, as if the person was showing the object, and returns to the object.
a person picks something up, looks at the underside then places it back down
a person grabbed something and put it somehwere
a person jogs forward then stops.
a person is jogging forward 4 spaces then stops.
the person jogs forward then the video ends.
the person is going to hit someone with their left hand.
a person throws a ball with their right hand in slow motion.
a person practices throwing overhand with their right hand
a person walks in a clockwise semi-circle
a person walking in a circle.
a person walks forward while their left and right hands swing in an alternating motion at their sides, and then turns to the right to walk in a semicircle.
a person is in a fighting stance, ducks and then swings out with his left arm.
person ducks a punch while in a fighting stance
a person squars and moves to the left to dodge something.
a person raises their right arm and waves.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
a person waves their right hand above their head.
a person with his arms at his sides, stretches his arms out from his sides, lowers his arms, jogs in place, then lifts his arms outstretched again and lowers them to his sides.
a person jogs in place for a few seconds.
jogging in place with arms outstretched.
a person walks forward, turns and walks towards his right.
a man walks forwards, turns to the right, and walks forwards again.
the right hand is straight up in the air as the left hand is straight down back and forth.
a person raises their right hand and shivers.
a person lifts his right arm.
a person stands with legs wide apart., slightly bent at the knees and both arms are bent at the elbows and hands are relaxed.
the man is making motorcycle pose
a person bend the knee and raised the hand
person steps forward kicks with the right foot, steps back and repeats the kick with the right foot.
a person steps forward and kicks their right foot up and then steps back.
a person steps forward with their left leg and kicks forward with their right. this is repeated twice.
person scratches head with right hand
this person is standing still and lifts the right hand up to the face.
a person raising right hand.
a person bends over and picks an object up with both hands and stands up straight.
person bends down forward and picks up something large with both hands
person bent over to the front.
a person who seems to throw or hit something
the person smashed a tennis ball with his tennis racket.
person is practicing tennis techniques
a person takes one large step forward.
a person takes one step forward towards the right
a person takes a large step forward with their right leg.
a person raises their right arm and waves five times
a person waves widely with their right hand.
a person waving their right hand
the person is walking and made a left turn.
the man makes left turn
a person walks forward and turns to their left.
he stays still then stops
a person raised right hand and pull it down
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his right hand chest high and then drops his hand to his original position.
the man raises his right hand above his head and throws something forward.
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person walks backwards and reaches a staircase, and continues walking backwards up it.
the man steps backwards up steps.
the person walks backwards and proceeds in the same direction up a set of stairs.
a person jogs a few steps to his right, jogs a few steps to his left, and then jogs a few steps to his right again.
a man runs from left to right multiple times.
a person jogs right, left, then right again.
a person sneaks forward to their left.
the person is a walking towards the left.
a person lumbers forward and then takes one step back
a person walks in an s shape pattern.
a person is walking in an s shape
the man is walking in a zig zag pattern back and forth across the area.
a person takes a couple steps forward and then staggers to their right, recovering then walking to there front left.
the person was pushed from the left but did not fall.
walking in a random pattern.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
doing jumping jacks in place.
this person does jumping jacks then kicks with his right leg.
a person plays the guitar, strumming with their left hand.
a person raises his right hand to shoulder height and raises his left hand and impersonates strumming a guitar
person is playing the guitar
a person raises their arms above their head, while doing squats.
person is performing a squat exercise
a man has his arms by his head as if lifting a barbell and then squats while holding the weight over his head
poking motion with one arm
a person reaches out hand.
the person put some thing on the shelf with his right hand.
a person gets on the ground and crawls on the floor then turns around continues to crawl. then gets back up in standing position.
a person crawls on their hands and feet, then stands up.
a person bends down and crawls forward, then back and then stands up.
a person does jumping jacks in place.
the figure is doing jumping jacks - 3 to be exact.
the person was doing jumping jacks.
a figure walks forward while using their right hand to perhaps balance on a wall
walking forward unsteadily as the right hand grasps out in front to the right.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides reaches out this his right hand to touch the hand rail as he gentle walks forward.
a person jumps in the air, then abruptly stumbles to his left as if he had been pushed, and finally he regains his balance.
taking a small hop and few steps to the left
a person jumps up once and then sidesteps left.
a person is crouching down and looking around
a person who is standing bends forward, looks to his left, looks to his right, leans to his left, looks to his right then starts to look forward.
a person bends over and swings their upper body side to side.
a man lifts his ams and bends them repeatedly.
a person lowers their arm and then raises them again, waving to a friend, before lowering them once more.
a person stretches their arms straight out, then repetedtly brings their hands to their head, before repeating the process
the person jumped sideways towards the left
a man jumps sideways to his left, then jumps sideways back to the right.
a person is jumping sideways.
the person is walking then jump and continues to walk
a man walks forward then jumps high whilst waving his arms out then continues walking.
a person walks forward while swing their arms and jumps in the air.
the person is the throwing some thing.
the man drops his arms and take steps forward.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
a person walks straight forward down some steps with their left hand on something.
a person is climbing down the stairs while gripping a railing with their left hand.
the person is walking downstairs holding onto a rail.
person steps to side then waves hands up and down fast stomach height
the figure adjusts itself to a wider stance and then appears to move its hands as if tapping on something or playing bongos.
a man is standing still and moving his right hand and left hand up and down, as if tapping them on a surface
person jogs in place very quickly.
the man jogs in place then holds his belly.
a person is jogging in place.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes three steps forward.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person wlowaly walked forward and stopped
person walks forward five steps to the front
a person walks slowly forward.
the person is walking in a circle counterclockwise.
a person is walking in an anticlockwise direction
the person is walking in a circle anti clockwise
the man stands still and then lifts his right elbow up in the air.
a person raised the right hand and leaned it on near to face
a person does the dab dance by bringing their head into their elbow.
the person is jogging forward for a short distance.
a person jogs forward at an average pace.
the person jogs in place for a short time.
a person standing straight bends the knees, reaches down with both arms, picks something like a box up and stands back up straight.
a person grabbed something and stand up
a man squats down and picks something up with both hands.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person walks backwards.
this person slowly walks backwards.
a person connecting something together.
the person is putting his arms straight out to the side and down again.
a person standing from a t pose and then bringing both arms in and away
the person had his arms straight out then down on his lap then he put them straight out again.
a man stand with his knees bent and puts hands on her thighs.
person is moving head back and forth
person is tying a bow with his hands.
a person moves his wrist and ankle joints as if to warm up for some activity.
a person warms up moving their wrists.
a person gets pushed to the left, recovering, they walk back to the right.
a person walks forward then strafes to the left before walking to the right.
a man walking stumbles to the right and walks left.
a man stands prepared and aware, then suddenly takes an abrupt step backwards and regains his ready stance.
the person was standing still.
a person is pushed backwards from the front.
a man lowers his arms and places his hands on his knees.
a person drops their hands to their side and then raises them again.
a person is standing with their arms out at both sides, the person the drops the arms down to their sides.
a person jumps up and then lands
a person jumps over an object in front of them
the sim takes a jump forward.
a person slowly walked backwards
the man steps backwards a small amount with his right foot and then follows with his left foot backwards.
the man is recovery stepping
a man picks up an item with his right hand and lifts it to his left side.
a person grabs something from the left with his right hand, waves his right hand in the air, then puts the item back
with his right hand person picks up an object from his left side, uses it in wiping/swiping motions at the right on the eye level and then returns it back to the place on his left.
person takes small steps with arms raised above head and pumps occasionally.
he try to reach both his hand on an object on the left.
a person holds their hands up and throws something.
a man jumps up in place.
the man jumps high happily
a person jumps once on the spot.
a person punches with their left hand then their right hand.
person is throwing some punches
man stands and lifts his right arm forwards in a punching motion then lifts his left arm forwsrds in a punching motion
a person jumps while spreading legs apart and swinging arms out and above the head, then back down again.
someone does two jumping jacks
a person does jumping jacks on the spot.
a person moves their right leg up in a slow kick.
a person kicks an object.
a person kicks with their right leg.
a person walks up towards the left.
person walks forward and turns to the left, takes more steps and then stops.
the person is making a left turn.
the person took one jump down.
a person makes a big jump forward
a man jumps forward swinging both of his arms.
a person starts with arms crossed then drops them to their sides.
person is crossing his arms.
a man raises both his arms to his chest then lowers them back.
a person is walking forward, bends down, touches something, gets back up, turns around and walks back into the direction he came from
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something
a man walks to the opposite end of the room, picks up an object, puts it down then walks back to the original place.
a person jumped and raised the hands up
a person jumps with their legs slightly apart while simultaneously raising their hands above their head, much like doing jumping jacks.
the person is jumping with their hands up.
the person does one hop in the video above.
person jumps high in the air in place off of both feet and lands on both feet
a person leans down and jumps up.
person waves with left hand above head
the person waves their left hand over their head.
a man waves repeatedly with his left hand.
a person walking around in a balance beam.
a person holding both hands up and then walking down as if he/she was a champion
a person walks over a beam with their arms up
a person walks clockwise quickly in an oval shape until they returned to starting position.
figure appears to be walking in a clockwise manner
a person starts standing still and then proceeds to slowly walk in a clockwise circle until they reach their starting point
a man picks up both hands and motions like he is strumming a guitar slowly.
a person strums an air guitar twice.
a person plays a few riffs from the guitar
raising arms up and down.
a person lifts their right arm up, then switches so their left arm is up.
a person is putting both his right and left hand into the air.
a person crosses their arms.
a person crosses their arms.
the sim is standing still, then raises both arms to cross them before resting them again at their side.
a person is climbing up a ladder and cleaning
a person climbs up a ladder, grabs something then places it on a shelf with their right hand.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one big step up, reaches over with his left hand, picks something up, transfers it to his right hand, holds it up, then brings it back to his left hand.
a ballerina is bringing the leg forward then taking a bow.
with the right arm bent with the hand facing up, the left hand high in the air and the right foot out, the person brings arms down and foot forward. then the person bows and move arms outward.
a person starts with arms up then leans forward with arms down then outstretched.
a person is jogging in place as if on a treadmill.
this person jogs quickly forward.
a persons is running in a controled manner.
this person coughs in his right hand two times.
a person holds their hand in front of their face and leans forward like they have a bad cough.
the man leans forwards while raising his right hand to his face.
a person walks forward but also slightly to the left at the same time.
a person takes a few steps forward, slightly dragging their left foot.
a person takes some large steps forward.
this person is making a strumming motion as if to play a violin.
a standing person pretends to play a string instrument like a violin.
a person raises their right hand and moves their left hand back and forth beside the right hand, as if playing a violin.
the person sits very still in the chair
this person stands still lowering arm to the front.
the person has their hands away from their body and then bring them in and place the hands on the top part of their legs.
a person sits down, then gets back up and walks slightly forward.
a person sits down and stands up.
the person sat down and is looking at something.
a person walks over to a ledge, looks below to see if anything is there, steps back then jumps over the edge and unsteadily lands.
a man walks forward, raises both hands to eithef side of his head for a moment, shakes his head and runs and jumps.
person takes two steps forward holes had steps back once then jumps down.
a person dances and then runs backwards and forwards.
the person is dancing rumba.
person shuffles forward while alternatly extending arms over head, drops arms and shuffle/jogs backwards, and then walks slowly back forwards.
a person stands very still
a person holds his arms at his sides for several seconds, then moves his head and arms very slightly.
a standing still person gets tapped on their left shoulder causing then to lean back
a person walks straight then slightly to the right
a person who seems to be walking down an elevated surface
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person goes over a tightrope.
a man walks across something carefully, one foot in front of the other, while balancing himself with both his arms stretched out to his sides.
a person walks on a balance beam with his hands out to the side for balance.
a person gets down on both knees.
a person gets on all fours.
a person moves from a standing position onto their hands and knees.
the person rotates their hands in front of them so that the motion of the hands mirror each other..
a man standing with arms out, puts them down and moves hands in circular motion.
a person with his both arms straight position brings his arms inwards and then rotates anticlockwise.
a person is sitting down, moves his hand up to his face and back down
person is in seating position then brings both hands moving slightly near face
a sitting person raises their hands to their face as if they are eating something.
a person is initially walking straight then changed direction in a rounded fashion toward the left.
a man walks anticlockwise and then stops.
person walks in anti clockwise direction
a person turns slightly to their right and brings both hands out in front of them by bending their elbows.
the person is turning to the right.
a man rotates 90 degrees clock wise then raises his arms and then looks at them.
a person walks backwards, and then begins walking forward in a circular clockwise direction
a person stepping forward and backwards in form of dancing.
the person slowly stumbles backwards, then walks toward the left
run forward pivot run backward diagnally
a person runs forward, stops and runs diagonally backwards.
person running was turning left.
raised your arms up, keep your elbows bent and reach up
a person lifts weights over their head.
a figure lifts weights to get buff.
person turns to left, takes three steps forward, sits down, and then walks back to starting place.
the man is moving forward
a person sits and stands back up.
the man shakes his foot as if he stepped in something then returns back to his original stance.
a person kicks backwards with their left foot.
a person steps forward and kicks something twice
a person raises both hands and claps their hands multiple times before returning to their original position.
the person is applauding someone.
a person claps their hands together
a person walks with his right hand in the air.
man maybe taking someones order, assuring the customer he understands, than moving on to make the order,
a person steps forward, looks to open a door with their right hand, grabs something, makes a closing motion, and then turns to the left to sit an object down.
a person falty jumped few times
light jumping in place repeatedly
the guys takes 3 quick hops simultaneously.
a person jumps two times from a standstill position
a figure takes two small jumps.
he jumped at his place
persons throws a football to someone
the person seems to be holding something in both hands in front of the body pulls them back to the right then uses the right arm to throw something, this motion is repeated several times.
a man grasps an object with both hands, steps back and then throws an object with his right hand.
the man talks on the phone squatting at first then stands and paces.
a person sitting down holding something with their left hand then getting up.
a person is in a squat position with his left hand held to his left ear, and then he stands and paces side-to-side while still holding his left hand to his left ear.
a person takes a step forward and three steps more to his left.
person appears to walk forward to their left.
a person walks in a left turn.
the person was twirling around.
the man stiffly walks around the space, saliently leaning his side to the walking leg.
a person turns in circles over and over with their arms stretched out, first stepping towards the right, then left, then back over to the right.
a person is startled from behind.
a person turns to the right then returns to a neutral position.
a man is standing and then suddenly turns to look over his right shoulder.
a person jumps and puts his hands in the air.
the toon is standing, then crouches down, moves into doing jumping jacks before standing still.
a peron jumping with hands up
person throws an item down  violently with right hand onto floor
the person looks to throw a tennis racket
a person throws something at the ground with their right hand.
a person begins walking and then turn right at 180 degrees and starts walking back where they come form.
a person walks forward and then spins to the back on their left foot.
this person walks forward then quickly swings right to walk back.
standing outside and waiving at the neighbors
raising hand towards face.
a man brings an object to his face with his left hand.
a person raises his hands above his head and walks forward
a person slowly walked forward while balancing
a person goes forward while putting both of his hands up, trying to keep balance while moving on the line or something
a person slowly walked in right direction than backwards and aftre left direction
a man walks up one set of steps to the left, then turns left and walks up another set of steps and then turns left again and walks across a platform.
the person is walking on uneven terrain.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a man slowly walks forward with his left hand on the railing.
a person carefully walking downstairs.
person is walking down stairs
a person steps sideways to their left.
a person shuffles to the left quickly.
a person steps to the left.
a figure jumps back one space
he did one jump backwards.
the person jump backwards one step.
the man takes one hop into the air.
the person is doing knee squats
a person squats down a little and then jumps.
a person stands tall and stretches arms forward while rotating between left and right arms.
a person is punching with both hands in slow motion.
a person twists his body and punches the air.
a person steps forward with their right foot, then steps with their left foot, does a 180 degree turn to the left on their left foot, steps forward with their right foot and left again.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, does a 180 degree turn and takes two steps back to where he started.
a person walks upstairs while holding a railing with their right hand.
the person is walking up the stairs.
a person with arms out jumps and walks.
a person kicks a ball with their right foot.
a person kicked something fastly
a person stands to the side, sways back and forth, and kicks a ball with their right foot to their left.
the man is doing exercises with his right arm.
a person brings their right hand and arm above them while resting their left hand on their hip.
the person stretches their right arm to warm up
the person takes 4 steps up and 4 steps back down.
walking up the stairs and then downstairs.
a person walks up several steps, stops, turns around and walks down the steps.
the person stands in a slightly squatted position with both hands resting below their belly. they raise their red hand up asking somebody to stop.
person starts with right hand up, places both hands in lap, then does motion of pressing something with right hand.
the person sits in the chair with their hands folded
a person takes a steady step to the left side
a person steps once to the left with a wide step.
a person takes one large side step to their left.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, turns and steps backwards, jogs forward six steps, turns 180 degrees and jogs four steps, then stops and resumes his original position.
a person is jogging back and forth from where he has standing
a person steps back then starts jogging forward then turns around and jogs
the man runs in place
the person is jogging in place.
a person jogs in place slightly.
a person walks in a circle counter clockwise twice.
the sim is walking in a backwards circle, crossing their legs as they make loops.
a person steps foot over foot making two counterclockwise circles.
a person kicks something with their right leg.
a person gets a jump head start and kicks their right leg off to the side.
a person kicks his right leg.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person looks to be walking in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clock-wise circle, then stops.
the  person was walking very fast.
the man is walking fast
the person takes several steps quickly.
a person slowly paces forward.
a person walks slowly forward
a person walking slowly forward with confidence
the person is squatting and raises its arms out sideways.
a person squatting and with his arms to the side puts his arms down, then back up again
a person slightly squatting puts its hands on its knees.
a person is running forwards
a person sprints forward and to the right.
a person sprints forwards fast.
the person is fluttering his arms and kicking is like in a dance pose.
a man seems to be doing a shuffle dance slowly
person does a light flying movement with arms then moves as if they are practicing tai chi.
a person sidesteps to their right three time, then left four times, then one more step to the right.
a person does a defensive shuffle
a person takes hop steps to their right then returns back to their original position
a person laying on the ground gets up then readies themselves in a squatting position.
a person gets up from the floor.
a person laying down lifts themselves to a hunched over standing position.
a person raises their hands to the sky then lowers them
the person is lifting a box over their head.
the person is stretching their arm
man scratches his face with his right hand
a figure scratches their forehead
raising hand above head.
the man jogs in place.
a person jogs in place with their hands in front of them.
a person standing up jogs in place at a brisk pace.
a person picks up something next to his body with each hand, does a washing motion with his right hand, then replaces the things with each hand.
person is picking up items and using them
a person  picks something up with their right hand and then their left, then wipes something down as if they are cleaning, before returning the objects back to their original position.
a person walks forward a few steps
a man walks forward with arms down at his side.
.a person walks forward slowly.
a person flings an object with their right hand then showcases something with both hands.
a person throws an object over his shoulder
a person raised the rigth hand and grabbed something with left hand
a person jogs diagonally to his right and then slows down to a walk.
a man is running with arms at side.
a person jogs and stops.
this person walks and stumbles to the left then back to the right.
a person starts walking and then zigzags to his left then his right.
a person steps forward, sidesteps to their left, then sidesteps back to their right.
a person lowers their arms to their sides and sways gently.
raising hands up and down.
a person puts their arms down and it sitting.
a person walks briskly forwards
a pwerson walks forward fast.
a person walks forward confidently.
the person is walking back and forth diagonally.
a person walks diagonally to the right then turns around and walks back to their original position
a person walks at a decent pace back and forth in a diagonal line.
a man walks forward in a straight motion,
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person slowly walked forward
a person jumps then is pushed to the left
a person standing still makes a small jump, then trots their feet sideways to the left
a person hops in place bringing their hands in front of their chest and then hops away to their left.
a person slowly walked forward
walking forward with legs apart.
a figure carefully tip toes across a path
the man is in a accident
a person steps back, walks and then hurts right arm.
a persons steps back while turning to their right and walking forward, appears to bump something with their left arm because the grab their left bicep area with their right hand.
a man raises his arms high over his head as he steps forward delicately, then lowers his arms to his sides and stops in a standing position.
the person is walking forward with their arms in the air over the balance beam.
a man raises both arms above his head and then walks across something.
a person is jogging and then stops suddenly
a person jogs straight forward.
a person runs forward at a medium speed.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides climbs up four steps, turns 180 degrees, walks down four steps and stops with his hands at his sides.
a person goes upstairs, then back down.
a person makes a clockwise circle and returns to its original position.
standing in place then walking forward.
a person takes a step down.
a person stands still and then takes one quick step forward.
a person lifts something with their right hand.
a person partially raises their right arm.
a person bends his right arm, bringing his hand toward his shoulder, and then he lowers his arm back to his side.
the person is jumping on their left leg.
person has arms to stomach level extended the hops on left leg four times
a person balances and then jumps on their left foot with both arms extended.
person moves forward then turns to their right side
a person briefly walks toward the camera, then turns to their right and walks away.
a man is walking forward, spins around clockwise on his right foot then walks back to where he came from
the person was posing as a subject.
the man is clapping using both hands
a person is standing, claps and then stops.
a figure throws hard forward with their right hand
a person swings their right arm back and then quickly forward, as if throwing something.
a person throws an imaginary baseball with the right arm towards the camera.
a person grabbed something with both hands and return
person is cutting up a vegetable.
person steps forward and makes motion like cutting with right hand then steps and puts something off to the right side.
person walks right to left, in zigzag
a person walks in an s-curve pattern.
a person is walking around in a snakey motion
a person squats down multiple times.
a person squats multiple times.
someone crouches, bending their knees and their hands meeting in front of them continuously.
person is bending over at the waist, then back up.
bending down forward once.
a person leans forward in bowing motion.
a man stands with his legs parted and slowly rotates his upper torso a few times, then starts to rotate his hips.
a person moving the shoulders round and tries to wiggle the hips.
the person is doing his exercises.
a person puts his right hand to his face.
a man takes a drink.
person scratching his chin and then his head right after
the person shakes their arms and shoulders
a man is standing in place shaking arms.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides shakes his hands vigorously.
a person claps their hands together and then lowers their arms.
the person is standing still clasping  his hands together.
a person claps with both hands.
a person who seems to warm up their torso by swing both arms in a stable manner to and away from their body
a person stretches their arms, tossing them back.
a person stretches their arms out in front of them and then wide to the sides several times while lightly stepping from foot to foot.
the man uppercuts using his left arm.
a person slightly turns to the right and raises their left hand
a person reaches up and pulls down on something that is over their head.
a person takes one hop into the air and then lands.
the human stick figure jumped.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person, standing in the middle of the screen, raises their arms and waves twice before lowering their arms again.
a person raises both left and right hands above their head and waves them back and forth.
a person waves both arms over their head.
a person walks while holding a hand rail
a man walks forward, using his hands as though holding onto a railing, before turning to his left and resuming his walk without the railing.
a person walks with their arms slightly outstretched and then turns to the right.
a man slowly walks forward
a person walks forward very slow;y.
the person is walking forward.
a man drops his left arm suddenly as if he has no control
person brings down arm where the right arm stays bent at the elbow and the left arm is straight down
person has arms starting upward near the head and suddenly lets them drop, the left one dropping all of the way adn the right one dropping only halfway as it looks to be holding a cup or some item that is similar
person pick something up on the left and placed it on the right
a person moves an item from left to right.
the person uses both hands to pick something up and move it to the side.
a person drunkenly walks down some stairs.
a man walks forward and then comes to a stop.
a person walks down some stairs while holding a handrail with their left hand.
a person walks around, sits down.
a person walks counterclockwise before sitting down.
a person walks around in a circle, then appears to take a seat.
a man catches then throws an object.
a person holds something with their hand and then they throw it
person put the ball in his right arm and threw it.
the sim walks down the plane.
a person walks at a regular pace forward.
the man takes 5 steps forward.
a person walks in an arc forward and to the left.
a person walks in a slightly arced line forward and to their left.
man walks forward, then turns right and continues walking and stops.
a person does a short quick punching motion
a person stands feet slightly a part and knees bent, holds hands in front of his face and then punches quickly with his left
a person punches quickly with his left hand.
a person is moving his right hand over an object, then walks backwards and extends his arms outwards
person is pouring something and missing something.
person uses right hand in circular motion as if stirring or mixing, then places object to left side and then steps back and raises arms to sides.
person walks forward as they veer left
a person walks forward and then to the right  before stopping.
a person walks a few steps in a curved path to the left.
someone brings their hands to their chest and moves their elbows up and down, then shakes their waist while slowly bending their knees, then claps four times, then does it again.
a person is doing the chicken dance; two reps.
the person is doing the chicken dance.
a person is walking forward fast.
a person walks forward starting with their left foot.
a person walks briskly forward.
a person runs in place
while jogging in place, a person moves backwards in a counterclockwise motion, and then follows the same path before returning to the beginning position.
person starts jogging in place swinging both arms. then jogs in place back a tony bit and to the left. then continues to jog in place to the right and then jogs in place to the center
a perosn waves their hands around in the air while they rotate clockwise.
a person is being active with their arms while turning around.
a person is waving around both arms.
a person opening something and drinking out of it.
a person leaned something with left hand to near the face
a person stands still with both their arms bent and forearms pointed toward their head, then their right arm drops down to the side of their body followed by the left arm.
a man simultaneously lifts objects with his right and left arms.
the man shakes something with both hands.
a person is moving their forearms up and down.
a man brings his arms down to his sides, then lifts them to head height, lowers them, and lifts them back up as he sways slightly.
a person raising both hands above head and back down, then repeats to differing heights while leaning from side to side.
a person seems to gesture with both hands up infront of their face
a person kneeling on the ground gets up.
a person uses their left knee to get up from the floor.
a person uses their left arm to get up from a kneeling position
a person is laying down, then gets up to a position where his shoulders are high and his head is down low.
a man is laying face down and gets up by placing his hands in front of him and kneeling in order to stand. once up he stands with a wide stance
a person laying down stands up
a man claps hands together.
a person claps up and down in front of his chest.
a person stands still and raises their arms up and down slightly while clapping.
a person walks up and forward while holding on to something
a man walks up some stairs, holding the handrail.
a person goes up some stairs holding onto the railing
a person who is walking backwards
the body walks straight backwards.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four steps backwards and stops.
a person is walking in an erratic pattern.
a person walks from one side of the platform to another in an s shaped motion.
a person walks in a s shape.
a person taps their left foot quickly and twitches their hands while sitting.
a person eats with both hands while sitting down.
a person eats a sandwich with both hands.
a person walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
a person walks in a straight line then turns left, perpendicular to their original path.
a person walked forward in left left direction
a person slowly walked backards and returned
a person seems to be unsteadily walking back and forth while moving their hands rapidly.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while keeping their body facing forward.
the person will for them in stopped.
a person stumbles forwards a few steps, stops, and then stumbles ahead again.
a person runs from one place to another stops in the middle to rest
a person folds their arms
a person crosses his arms in front of his chest
this person folds his arms in front as if to be impatient.
this person rolls over to his left to get up off the floor.
s one who is getting up from the floor
when laying down, a person rolls over and gets on his hands and knees and pushes himself up.
a man steps backwards a few steps on even ground, and then steps backwards up some stairs.
a man walks backwards then climbs an object.
the person is walking in reverse
a person is walking around and falling over slightly
a person staggers to their left and then right.
he clumsily steps forward to his left, rights himself, and continues towards forward, angling right and under control.
walking forward and then tripping.
person very unbalanced while walking
a person walks forward with one foot directly in front of the other as they try to keep balance.
a squatting person brings food to their mouth with their right hand.
the person is eating with his right finger.
this person is seated as if to play the drums.
the person was standing with his arms crossed.
the toon is standing still, then crosses their arms before resting them once again at their side.
a person crosses both arms.
walks in an s formation a few times.
the person is walking back and forth.
man walks in a zig zag forward at a normal walking speed.
a person walks forward and turns to their right.
a person walks forward and then turns to their right side.
a person walks up toward the right side.
a person takes two steps backwards, beginning with his right leg.
a person is pushed from the front and recovers.
a person quickly takes one step backwards.
a person raises his right hand then propels it forward as if throwing something.
a person uses right arm to shut the door
a person standing still then putting their right hand up
a person rapidly walks straight ahead
a man is pushed from behind and then finds his balance.
a man stumbles over something.
the sim kicks an object with their right foot.
a person kicks with his right foot.
kicking something hard and having a look
shaking the hands like dancing.
person rotating their arms in clockwise and anticlock wise direction
a person stretches their shoulders and arms.
a person walks down a hill and places a box on the ground.
a person holding something walks forward, puts it down on the ground, then continue to walk forward.
a person walks forward with a large object in their hands, puts the object down and continues to walk forward.
a person walks in a clockwise half cresent
a person walks to the right in a semi circle and then stands still.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward very carefully in a straight line.
a person walks in a tight line (on a beam or string).
the person stretches their arms up, brings them down, then throws them back up and jumps.
the person  jumped in the air and landed on his two feet perfectly.
both arms are raised as high as they can back is then bent forward with arms coming down and moved behind the person. knees bent the person jumps off the ground with arms rising again but turning to land 90 degrees to the left.
a person brings their left hand to their head and then lowers it.
raising and lowering hand near chest.
person slowly moves left arm up in the air
a person steps up and sticks their arm out straight
the person is standing with his right arm out.
a person holds their right arm straight out
the person walk to the left and sat down.
a person steps left, sits down, and returns to their original position.
a man steps to sit down and stands back up to return to his original position.
a person takes several large steps forward.
a person walks down something fast.
a man steps forward briskly and stops in a standing position.
a person walks carefully while pushing objects away from them on either side
a man walks forward carefully, reaching his arms out to either side to grab something for support, before ending in a standing pose.
a man walks forward placing his hands on something sturdy at his sides for support.
a person swings their arms together toward their right, then up toward their left.
while in a standing position, a person holding a golf club swings his arms back, bends his knees slightly, then swings his arms forward.
a person swings a bat
this person throws using both arms then walks and turns.
shooting a basketball then walking forward.
a person raises and object behind their head, and then throws the object at something.
a person takes something from his right hand and brushes something on his face with his left hand.
the person is brushing his teeth.
a person is using it's hand to fluff an object by stroking down in order for it to look more full.
a person walks backwards slowly.
someone walking backwards very slowly
the person walks backwards up a slope.
moving and create a ovel image.
the man is waling in clockwise direction
walking in a circle.
a person squats twice while facing forward without moving.
a person squats down and rises twice.
a person performs squats with arms outstretched.
the person is talking from a punch.
a person has his arms up in a defensive position, and then swats something with his left hand.
someone stands in place then lunges backwards and does a defensive motion with the right hand and arm.
person walks to pick something up then walks back to wipe something with it.
a person walked in left direction and return
a man walks to the left to pick something up, then returns to his place to mix something together.
the person is walking and turn left.
a person steps forward and turns and walks back.
a person walks forward, pivots on their left foot to spin around, and then walk back the way they came.
person lifts up hand then puts it back down
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person raises their right hand above their head.
shake the body and sit on the floor.
person is standing, then sits down
a person sits down from a standing position.
person jumps into the air
a person stands still and then does one hop in place.
person does a slight jump while arms stay in place
a person walking up steps
a man walks forward and goes up some stairs.
a person walks upstairs slowly.
moving arms left and right slowly.
a person pics something up from the right (blue) side and moves it to the left (red) side.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides reaches down with both hands, lifts something up and moves the item to his right and returns to his original position.
a person breakdances by doing a head turn.
a person performs a breakdancing move by spinning on their head with their feet up in the air.
a person spins around on their head and stands back up.
man running back and forth with hand tuck for jogging.
a person turns and jogs to their right; they turn around and jog to their left; they jog to their right one more time before stopping at their original position and checking their stomach with their left hand.
a person jogs back and forth multiple times.
a person abruptly stumbles forward and regains his balance as if he had been pushed from behind.
a person moves forward slightly.
a person takes a step forward.
a person walking in an anti-clockwise circular pattern
a person walks casually in a couterclockwise circle.
a person who is walking in a counterclockwise direction takes eleven steps before stopping.
a person walks straight forward, before stopping.
a person walks forward diagonally to their left
the person was walking straight forward.
outlining my area for space
a person walking by making  circle
a person with his hands down by his sides completes a circle by walking in a counterclockwise motion.
sitting down with hands near face.
a person sat on something and leand the left hand near to face
a man squats while bringing an object to his face with his left hand.
this person is running in place, moving his arms as he does so.
a person ran in the place forward
a person runs in place
a person waves their right hand at head height.
the person waves goodbye to their family
person waves right hand left and right.
a figure steps backward cockily, swinging their arms
a person steps back with his right leg, dragging his left leg on the ground.
the person appears to stumble backwards.
the person leaned to the right and the walk forward to the left.
a man is standing and picks up something with his right hand and then walks diagonally
person is walking straight ahead
a person waves with left hand.
robot standing and started to wave with his left hand.
the motion is showing hi
a person saunters forward and then stands with their legs spread apart.
a person walks to the right taking a diagonal path.
a person, walked forward by changing direcion into left and right
a man walks slowly forwards, stepping widely to the left and right.
this person stumbles left and right while moving forward.
a person walks in place.
a man slowly walks forward.
a person slowly walked forward on place
person claps with both hands in center of body
the person uses both hand to clap, and then puts both hands down.
a person is clapping their hands.
person lifts both hands up shoulder height bend in elbow
a person drinking something with the left hand
a person opens a bottle and drinks it with their left hand.
a person carefully steps over an obstacle.
a person walks forward but steps over something to avoid it.
a person walks down a ramp with a slight limp on the red colored leg. it seems the person is dodging a pothole or similar item by stepping over it. the arms swing back and forth like a natural way of a human.
a person walks forward with their arms swinging, then stops and stands.
a person walks a few steps forward casually, swinging their arms.
person casually walks forwars then stops.
a person slowly walked forward after in left direction
person is holding onto a handrail
a person careful walks forward while balancing on a hand rail and then turns and walks left.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a man walks forward with arms loosely at his sides.
this person bends forward as if to bow.
a person bends down forward.
a person bows forward to their waist somewhat slowly.
starts running in place and then speeds up pace and slows back down.
person runs in place at various speeds
he runs over then stops
person takes step back, turns around, then lifts hands to both sides
a figure leans back from a situation then tries to block others from coming forward by spreading its arms
a person turns around clockwise and stretches their arms out.
a person kneels down slowly.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one step, bends over and braces himself with his right hand, knells on his right knee, kneels on his left knee and bounces his right hand off the ground.
the person who knelt down and leaned on his right hand.
a person appears to be playing the violin.
a person plays violin with their left hand.
the person is playing a violin with his left hand.
a person bends and flaps his arms like a bird.
the person is flapping their arms like a chicken.
both hands underneath the armpits while flapping the arms back and forth fast.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person does 3 jumping jacks in place.
a person walks up some stairs, turns around, and walks back down them.
a person uses a hand rail while walking up and then down a flight of stairs.
a man holds a railing to his right while walking up stairs.
a person holds their arms out to their sides and jumps up and down.
a person has arms out their side palms back and legs at shoulder width and slightly hops up and down in place.
a person does small hops up and down.
the man runs very fast
a person was slowly running in right direction
the person is running in place.
a man picks up an object moves it a few inches to the right then places it back down
person is moving something from left to right with both arms
a person bends at their knees turns to their left to pick something up, turn to their right, and place the object down.
the person is looking at his wrist.
this person checks his watch on his left arm twice.
a person raises their left wrist to shoulder level, lowers it back down and then raises it again.
swinging arms up and down.
a person raises their hands above their head, before lowering them to their side.
someone raises and lowers their arms, wait a while and raise them again
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
the toon is walking at a slower speed.
a person is carrying a suitcase
a figure grabs, either in danger, or out of emotion.
a person pulls and drags something.
the person is pulling someone.
a person moves in clockwise direction
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
person walks in a clockwise three quarter circle
a person gently pacing around.
a person is quickly walking around.
the is person practicing football tactics.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes some swift steps forward.
a person is walking forward.
a man stands with his hands together near his midsection, looks to one side, then bends over, pushing with his arms before standing back up.
his hands together, bending slightly and looking from side to side as a quarterback would waiting for the ball to be hiked.
a person crouches down while pumping their hands.
a person walks backward slowly then sits down
a man sits down in a chair, then stands up again.
the person backed up and sat down in an armchair.
a person, standing still with their arms at their sides, seems to wince/twitch, then continues standing.
a person flinches at the shoulders.
a person stands still with hand to the side, until their right shoulder moves in a bummped motion.
a person leans forward and uses sweeping motion, sweeping from person's left to right
moving hands in a circular motion.
he does a sweeping directlyy
a man is walking and jumping.
a person awkwardly runs forward and jumps over an object.
the person walked and then jumped.
a person walks while holding a hand rail
a person walks on a beam of some sort.
a person sneaking through a hallway.
a person jogs side to side.
a person who is jogging takes four steps to his right, reverses course, takes five steps in the other direction, reverses course and continues to jog.
a man runs foward to the right,makes a u turn and runs to the left and  then stops.
this person stands still and reaches up with his right hand.
a person shakily raises their right hand in fear.
a person opens and drinks a bottle with his right hand
the person jogs up the stairs
a person is jogging for a short distance.
a person jogs in place
person walked forward and picked up the laundry
a person walks forward, picks up something with both arms, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, squats down and picks an object up with both hands, then turns and walks back to where they started and sets the object down.
a person plays a guitar and lowers their arms.
person strums a guitar for a brief second
a figure seems to strum a guitar
a person walks in a circular motion
a person walks forward then to the right, before circling around, then stopping while facing the left.
a person walks counter-clockwise in a circle, stopping about 3/4 of the way around.
a person hops up an down with their arms over their head.
a person jumps and raises their hands above their head.
a man does jumping jacks slowly.
a person holding his phone on the left hand and ear and talking.
the person steps back and forth, holding something in their left hand up to face and waves their right hand.
a person holds his left hand up to the side of his hand, then raises the other in a waving off motion.
person catwalks while swaying hips from side to side.
the person steps over the crack on the sidewalk
a person walks forward both legs
a person is standing still, then raises their arms.
a person rest their arms on their thighs.
a person has his hands on his thighs.
the man raises his hands and waves then fast in the air.
the person was shaking both arms.
the sim is standing still, then shakes both their arms.
the person is doing quick jumps up and down.
a person makes four shallow/low jumps up and down while standing in one place.
a person jumping up and down.
a person is jogging forward at a steady pace.
a person runs in a straight line.
a person is running quickly forward.
a person walks forward leisurely
walking forward and then stopping.
a person is walking forwrd.
he pushed himself up from the ground to stand up.
a person starts out in a kneeling position with hands on the floor, then bends his right leg forward and uses it to push himself up to a standing position.
standing up from ground.
person is walking in a circle
a man stands straight up with his arms down to his sides and walks in a counter clockwise circle.
someone slowly walks in a circle.
this person steps around while shaking his right hand.
a person steps forward and shakes hands with someone, then withdraws his hand and steps back.
a person steps forward, while moving their right hand.
a person walks on a beam, loses his balance and fall off to his right.
moving front and little  band  at left side.
a person walks forward one foot in front of the other until he loses his balance and tilts far to the left then stumbles to his left.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, and then stands back up.
a person crosses their legs with the left down, sits down pretzel-style with their hands back on the ground, then stands back up.
the person sits down on the ground and crosses their legs, and then gets back up.
a person jumps sideways to their right several times, then several times to the left.
someone jumps fives times to the left then four times to the right.
someone jumping sideways to the left then to the right
this person steps quickly, one time to the right.
he takes a quick step to his right as if to avoid something coming at him!
the man moves to the left
person walked and then started running.
this person runs lightly forward then stops.
a person sprints forward four steps, then stops.
a person jumps and, while in mid-air, makes a quarter turn to her left.
a standing person hops to the left with both their feet causing them to now be facing their left side
the person did a jump and turned 90°.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their left hand.
the man lifts something with his left hand.
a person raises their left arm up and down.
a person walks upstairs and stands.
person walks up a flight of stairs
a person appears to be walking up stairs.
a person walks forward a few steps, stops with his right foot forward, pivots slightly to the left while still facing forward, bends his arms in front of him, and makes a fist with both hands, as if to start boxing.
a person takes a few energetic steps forward, then positions themselves into a fighting stance.
the person is looking forward and getting ready.
a man reaches his right hand out to his right the times before returning it to in front of him.
a person extends their right arm, and brings it back several times.
the person is working on an assembly line pulling something from the right to in front of them.
a person waves their hands out in front of them.
a person beats a drum.
a person moves their hands up and down as if tapping on a countertop.
a person walks up stairs
a man steps onto something then raises his right arms above his head and grabs an object.
this person moves as if stepping on a ladder and reaches with his right arm.
this person walks very slowly forward.
a person walks straight forward.
a perosn walks forward in a straight line, before stopping.
this person uses both hands as if to show a measurement.
a person spreads his hands apart in front of his face, then drops his hands down to his sides.
person covers face with both hands and then quickly lifts hands away, like they are playing peekaboo.
a person bends forward and touches their toes, then stands up straight again.
a person touches their toes.
a person bends over and touches his toes.
the person exercises his arms close to his head
moving the hands like a exerises
the person is standing with their arms out to the side put them down and then put them back up again.
a person walking slowly forward
a person takes 5 steps forward.
a man walks in a straight line.
a person jumps on the spot.
a person is jumping in one place with both legs.
person bounces up and down 4 times.
the persons calling with his left hand.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a person raises his left hand towards the head and then lowers it
the person if placing some thing from the left to the right.
a person lifts an object with both hands, moves it to their right, and then sets it back down.
a person is moving something with both hands.
person is getting a shower and picking up something with his right hand.
a person rubbing something with the right arm
a person picks up a brush with his right hand, scrubs a desk top then places the brush back in the same place.
a person claps with both hands
a person waves their hands around in front of them.
a person grasps something from his left hand and then raises it to his mouth.
a man stands straight up with his arms to his sides, then begins the evenly walk forwards and to the right then stops facing the right.
the man is bending to the right
a person walks in a forward-rightward diagnol.
a person walks towards the screen with their arms out and looking down like it was a tightrope.
someone climbing on something with the two arms ajar.
a person slowly walked forward while balancing
a person jumped while raised the hands up
a man does jumping jacks in place.
a person is exercising jumping jack
a person crosses their arms over their chest and squats down twice.
a person is doing a squatting motion
the person is doing squats.
a person stands with feet wide, stretches both hands up over his head and then swings down by the waist and hangs arms down before standing up
a figure does a big overhead stretch and then bends forward to stretch and drop the ground
a person stretches over their head and then down to the ground.
a man walks in a winding path, making semicircular unclosed loops and keeping his hands low at his sides.
a person walks to the left then right, making a "u" pattern.
a person walks in a zig-zag pattern while looking slightly down.
a person standing with their hands our to either side puts their hands on their hips, then puts their hands back out to either side.
a person appears to be sitting on a stool with their hands resting on their legs, then spontaneously raises their arms.
man draws arms in a puts them on his knees.
a person looks to wash someone elses head
the person is in the shower and washed his head
a person reaches to something in front of him and rubs it, then reaches down.
a person is walking up a couple stairs while holding a railing.
the person is climbing stairs while holding onto the railing
someone is walking up the stairs
a person takes a few steps forward, then stops
he does a push recovery stand back
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes three quick steps forward.
a figure starts out standing sits down cross-legged and then returns to a standing position.
a person sits down and then gets back up
figure sits cross legged on the ground then stands.
the man uses both hands to lift the dumbbells
a person lifts both arms no higher than their head at the same time
a person lifts weights with both hands.
a person takes very wide steps while walking forward as if they were avoiding something on the floor.
the person is trying to navigate around steppingstones.
the person walks forward and to the right, then steps around something and continues on their path.
the figure is walking forward, slightly off center.
the man takes 5 steps forward.
a person slowly walked forward
a person placing something in their hand and then throwing it while twisting their body.
the person is throwing a ball with his right hand.
a person throws an object with his right hand, then holds both hands up over his head
a man swings his arms forward  then runs towards the right side.
a person playing basketball fakes right and then keep dribbles
the man is feinting to the right
someone is laterally raising both their arms while slightly bending their knees, brings their arms back to their original position, and then raises them laterally once more.
a man stands with his legs bent, and extends his arms out to either side then drops them to his sides, holds still for several seconds, then stretches his arms out again.
a person in a squatting position raises and lowers his arms to the side
the person takes a few steps and then turns around with their back to you.
the person was facing forward then he turned left.
a person walking forward then quickly turning back around.
a person walks forward, picks something up, sets it down on something a little higher, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, picks something up off of the floor, then puts it on a low shelf or object.
the person walked forward and lifted some thing up turned around and walked back.
a person lifts his left hand to his face.
a person raises their left hand over their head.
a person raises his left arm to his face.
the person is sad and moping.
a man is walking slowly forward.
a person mopes with his leg starting with right leg and then left leg and sweeps through the floor.
stick figure holds arms out in from before lifting his left arm up
a person twist opens a drink and takes a drink.
a person pours a drink and then drinks the drink.
waving hands around near chest.
person seems upset using hand gesturing
the person is arguing with someone
a person does a cartwheel
the person is doing cartwheels across the floor.
a person does a cartwheel.
a person is walking and balancing on something moving forward.
a person walks as if on a tight rope towards screen.
a person tries to walk forward in a straight line with their arms out.
the person is throwing a ball and then catches the ball.
a person throws something and tries to dodge something right after.
a man throws something with his right hand, then catches another object.
person is doing it right for hand hit .
a person swings around his right arm.
a person plays tennis with someone.
a person waves their hands and shakes their hips.
a person standing, holds arms up with elbows bent and hands near his face then shakes back and forth from his hips
a person stands in a wide stance, lifts both arms upward with palms forward and wiggles their body side to side before dropping their arms to their sides.
a person is walking while holding something and then looking at their phone
a person walks slowly in a half circle counterclockwise while holding something.
a person walking around carrying something in hands.
the person is waving with his left arm.
a person raises their left hand over head and waves.
a person lifts their left arm and  waves with their left hand
a person has his right arm up and drops it.
a person's right arm is outstretched with their left hand on their leg, then lifts both arms out to the side.
a man retracts his right arm from an extended position and moves into a t-pose position.
a person lifting their left arm up
raising hand towards head.
a person touches head with left hand.
a person walks in a straight line, stumbling once slightly to their left as they do.
a person walks forward then stumbles to their left before regaining balance
the peson walk forward then side and forward.
a person raises a foot, and then stomps it back down.
a person rased the left leg
this person lift his left leg quickly.
the person is doing toe touching exercises.
the man is doing jumping jacks
the person is stretching its arms forward then lifts left knee.
a person jumps up and down several times.
a person jumps up and down in place.
a person jumped on the place
a person checks their watch
a person raises his left elbow up to the side while also bending his left elbow and raising his left hand near shoulder, then does the reverse of the action.
this person lifts his left arm then lowers it.
a man jumping and opens his hands like a hug .
a person is gently hopping
a person is hopping little hops.
a person lifts both hands together in front of them, then motions as if putting something down with each hand.
a person who stood in a t pose and then put something down
a person drops their arms from shoulder height, makes small gestures with both hands in front of their body and then drops their arms.
a man staggers backwards from a standing posture, swinging his arms, before ending in a standing posture.
a person takes a sudden step back.
he pushes recovery then stops
a person runs forward in a straight line.
person runs forward to the edge of the platform.
a person runs forward at a medium pace, then stops.
a person puts both hands together and spreads them apart.
a figure's arms are extended to the sides. the figure makes a "no goal" sign by flapping their fully extended arms in front of themselves
a person moves their arms towards their chest and away from their chest multiple times.
a person is walking upstairs and climbing up the stairs.
a person reaches out to hold a rail, before climbing stairs
a person walks up stairs holding handrail with right hand.
the person moves their hands forward while laying down.
person lays on stomach with hands on floor then lays hands down.
a person laying down moved right leg
a person hops on just their left leg and then hops on just their right leg and then comes down to land on both feet at the same time.
a person hops on one foot, then alternates and hops on the other foot.
a person hops rapidly on their left foot, and then on their right foot.
a man tries to open a jar.
moving hands around near chest and face.
a person hesitantly puts their right hand on their left shoulder, lifts their left hand, then puts their right hand on their left shoulder again.
walking forward and then back.
a person takes two steps forward, makes a counter clockwise turn pivoting to the left and walks back adjacent to original starting point.
the person walks forward and turns back and returns near their original position.
a person takes some slow steps forward.
person walks forward very slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is doing jumping jacks
a person does several jumping jacks before stopping.
walking to the side then sitting down.
the figure walks to their left turning slightly to where they are walking without directly facing the direction they are moving in, sitting and after a few seconds getting back up and walking back to the spot they were previously standing in.
a figure looks down at its feet then walks to the left and sits down then gets back up and walks forward
a steps forward and then sprints forward.
someone runs forward a few steps and then stops to stand still.
a person runs several steps forward.
person is playing the violin
a person is playing his violin.
a man lifts his right arm and bends it, and his left hand makes stroking motions in front of his chest before he drops both arms to his sides.
a walking man bumps something with his right leg then turns and walks in another direction.
figure appears to be showing pain in right leg
person walks forward and scratches leg
a person walks from one end to the other while swiftly leans sideways.
a person stumbles to the right while walking forward.
man walks calmly forward, stumbles to the right crossing the left leg over the right and then continues to walk calmly forward.
a person is clapping his hands.
a person who is clapping there palms together
a person claps his hands
a person side steps to their right with a large step.
he does a medium step to right
the person takes one step to the right
a person squats down with their knees bent.
the person is sitting down
person stands still then sits back slightly into a chair
person walks backwards to make a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks backwards in a counter clockwise motion.
a person walks backwards in a counter clockwise circle.
a person picks up an item with both hands and sets it down somewhere else.
a person reaches down a little to the left and then reaches down a little to the right.
a person picks something up from the left and then puts it down on the right.
a person starts in a kneeling postion and gets up.
a man gets up off of his knees.
a person stands up from a crawling position.
the guy is flexing his arms up and down.
a man lowers his arms to his side, then turns his left palm up, raises his arm slightly, lowers it, then stretches both arms out to either side at shoulder level.
a person who seems to check something on their hand and then stand in a t pose
a person with their hands to their side, folds their arms in front of them, and then lowers their hands to their sides again.
a stick figure stands in place with feet wide spread and crosses its arms across its chest with the left arm on top
the person standing with his arms crossed.
person is walking back and forth
the person is walking back-and-forth from left to right back to the left.
a man brings his arms down, turns to his left and walks, then turns around and walks again, turns and continues walking, then turns one final time as he stops in a standing position.
the person is doing an exercise warm up.
a person stretches their right shoulder an then their left.
a person lifts his right and left hand.
a man walks in a curved line with his hands at his sides.
the person is walking back-and-forth in a zigzag.
a person walks around the room in an snaking motion.
a person walks in a zig zag motion then comes to a halt
the person standing in the right side walk forward to the left side, right side, left side and right side and stop.  a three times u shape walk.
the person walks in a right to left swerving motion.
a person begins to start walking forward and then stops after about 3 steps.
a person walks up something.
the person is rushing forward quickly.
person walks forward then to the right.
a person walks to his right.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and returned downstairs
the person is climbing three steps to the right.
the man climbs 4 stairs turns and goes back down.
the right hand flings forward to the left side, the left hand meets the right hand, and is drag back right the shoulder.
a man throws a ball.
the person is casting a fishing line
this person jumps on his left foot then on his right foot.
person hopping on both feet.
the person hops on their left leg before then switching to their right leg
a person is standing in a fighting stance with most of their weight on their right foot, with their elbows bent and swings their left arm up and over in a counterclockwise motion while twisting their torso to the right, and then turns back to the center
the person pick some thing up and slammed it down.
man throwing something with left arm to the left and upward
a person sits down and stands back up.
a person sits down casually.
a person sits down and stands up twice.
a person walks forward at a regular pace.
a person standing with his hands by his sides takes five steps forward and stops.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person stands still and moves their arms as if they were swimming.
this person is waving his arms in the air.
a person who is standing with his arms at his sides lifts his arms and moves each one alternatively as if he is swimming.
someone quickly runs downstairs and jumps off the last step.
a person slowly walked forward from stairs down
a person who seems to be walking downstairs
a person raises their arms up and down, above their head,
a person appears to be lifting a dumbbell above his head with both his hands
left and right arm are raised straight out from the shoulders. both elbow are bent to form and upwards square. both arms lift upwards momentarily, the elbows extend slightly and then lower and return to the original position.
the man walks forward starting with his right foot and takes 4 steps total.
the man walks forward calmly
a man walks to the opposite end of the room.
the sim walks down the plane.
a person walks forward at normal speed.
a person walks and swings its arms back and forth.
a person raises their left up then puts it down
a person grabbed something with hand and lean it near to face
the figure appears to be shielding itself from a bright light, the right and left arms starting with the right trade places when shielding the figure.
the figure is kneeling with their legs apart and arms spread for balance as they get up and use their left hand as a balance on the floor to do so.
the body is on the knees with both arms out to the side and then uses left hand to push off the ground to stand up.
a person stands from kneeling position by pushing up with left hand.
a person runs on the spot in a slow tilted style.
a figure runs in place
a man jogs in place with arms bent and moving.
a blue and red person lifts arms up to waist level and twist to the  red side, right side at waist level
a man picks up an object and places it on the left side with his left hand on top of the object.
the person i was moving something to the right and putting it on the shelf.
a person lowers, then raises their right hand as if throwing something in the air.
the person is boxing up words with his right arm.
a person raises their right arm.
the person was lifting dumbbells with both arms.
the sim is standing in a active pose, appearing to be squatting while holding a bar above their shoulders.
a person who is standing with his arms up parallel to his head, squats and stands and then squats and stands again.
a man begins walking, stumbles, and almost loses his balance before continuing on.
person starts to take a few steps forward and loses their balance tripping towards their right, regains balance once again moving forward
a person tiptoes forward, stumbles to their right, then recovers.
a person stretches out their right arm.
person stands still and aggressively points straight forward
person standing straight up and feet are shoulder width apart. reachs arm (right) up to shoulder height, straight out hold there for a second and drops back at side
a person slowly walked forward and in left direction
a man walks straight to the left side and stands.
the person is walking forward to the left.
walking forward then to the side.
a person slowly walks forward and then walks to the left.
a person walks in a stright line then stops and turns to the right and then walks again in a straight line before stopping.
a person takes a big step to the right and then crossing his feet and continues walking to the right
a person is side stepping to the right
the person carefully sidesteps right before then contiuing to sidewalk left while crossing both right and left legs one after the other
a person picks something up with their right hand, pours it out, and sets it back down.
the man reaches to the ground for something places it on the table then reaches for another thing.
a figure lifts a drink shaker and shakes it up then pours
a person walks forward, knocks as if knocking on a door, then turn around and walks away.
a person walks forward, then taps their right hand against something at shoulder level, before turning clockwise and walking back.
a person walks forward and knocks on the wall, then the person turns and walks back.
a person slowly walks forward.
a man walks forwards at a medium pace.
a person takes five steps forward.
the person put his arms up in his shoulder level bend and stretch to the back and front three times and stop.
a person is stretching their chest muscles by opening their arms
a man is moving arms from chest to side as if he is holding weights.
a person looks to be wiping with his left hand in a counter clockwise motion
a person puts his hand in ffont of him and wipes in clockwise circles.
a man grabs something and spins it around in a circular motion.
person does a small hop in place and then takes two quick steps forward
a person slowly walked forward
the man jumps and moves forward
a man brings his arms up from his sides and crosses them over his chest, then lowers them to his sides.
a person crosses their arms then returns to a relaxed position.
a person stands up, folds his arms and then unfolds them
a person is walking around in a squiggly line.
a man is walking in a 's' shaped movement like a snake.
a person walks from side to side in a wavy path
someone is sitting, then goes on the phone with their left hand.
a person sits on the ground, shivering, and then stands, still shivering, as though very afraid
a person is on their phone while parking their car, and then gets out.
a person stands on their left leg while circling their right leg.
person balances on left leg while moving the right leg around
the man has his right knee in the air and rotates it around back to front then puts it down.
a person walking straight with help from a handrail from the left
a person slowly walked forward
someone carefully walks using their left hand on an object for support before stepping down a stair.
a man slowly walks to the opposite end of the room.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person slowly walking forward
a person does jumping jacks to get loose before an event.
a person appears to have arms extended, then starts doing a few jumping jacks and stops. the person walks a few steps forward and a few steps back.
the man is doing jumping jacks, then proceeds to walk forward 2 feet and then back to his original spot.
a person walks forward several steps.
the person is walking towards the left.
person slowly walks forwards, taking a slight diagonal path to his left.
the person picks an object up off the floor with their right hand
a person bends over, trying to pick something up with his right hand
a person picks something up off the ground.
the person raises their right arm
someone with their arms by their side raises their right arm in front of them before lowering it back to their side.
the person put out his right hand for a shake
the man wrings his hands and twists his ankles.
figure is leaning back and forth rubbing hands together
this person sits crossed leg on the floor then stands up.
a person sat down with his legs crossed.
a stick figure decides to sit down from a standing position into a pretzel-style.
a person successively stretches his arms above his head, first his right arm and then his left arm.
a person waves with their right hand then switches to wave with their left.
a person raises their right arm, then left arm.
a person rubs his hand down the front of his body.
the person was opening his pants with his left arm.
a person standing in place moving hands .
the body walks in a clockwise circle.
man walks in a clockwise circle and retraces short of his original position.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
the person is posing for a photograph.
the man raises his hands to his chest and claps them together.
a man stands and puts his hands together near the chest, starts to rub them and then lowers down his hands.
a man shuffles back and forth.
a man sidesteps in a circle with arms swaying.
a person shakily walks in a counter clockwise circle backwards
the person is walking in the counter clockwise circles.
the man takes 8 steps in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in an anti-clockwise circle slowly
a person walks quickly in a very feminine way.
person walks forward at a fast pace.
the person is walking very fast.
a person walks forward, and then stops.
a person walks in a straight line at a medium pace.
a man takes a few casual steps forward, stopping in an upright standing position.
a person washes a window or a wall in front of them with their left hand
the man is waving to the left
the person is leaving with his left hand.
a person swings a golf club
a person swings a golf club.
person is trying to swing with both arms
throwing something while standing still.
this person throws with his right hand then catches with both hands.
across the body, then pivots to the right and seems to catch something in both hands, then returns to a standing position.
a person who is warming up their arms and legs
person is standing and stretching out their triceps
figure appears to be stretching or warming up
a person bends down to their left side, then takes their left hand and places it on their right arm, and finally bends back down to the left with both hands.
he displaces the tilt next to him
it is a person opening up a chest and briefly looking inside of it, then closing the chest back.
the person move something from left to right.
the person is lacing something from the left to right side
imitates the motion of picking a box up from his right and setting it to his left.
a person bring out his wallet from his wallet then took out some money then kept the wallet back in the pocket
a person taking something from his/her pocket and gave it to something
a man takes something out of his back pocket, fumbles it with his hands and then places the object back in his pocket.
a person moves around with footwork during a boxing match.
man walks to the right in a half circle motion then walks the same pattern in reverse going back to the left.
a person jogs from side to side with their arms near their chest
a person drinks with their left hand
the person takes a drink with their left hand then puts the top on with their right.
the sim appears to be taking a drink using their left hand.
some thing on the hand and like play.
a man pushes away with his right hand, then pulls something in with both hands.
a person raised the hands and showed jesture
a person is walking in reverse whilst looking back
a person walks backwards while looking where they're going.
a person walks slowly backwards.
a person looks beside them then sits down in a chair, they then sit back up.
a person sits down on something behind them, and then stands up.
a man takes a step back, then sits down on something, before standing back up.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
person opens a cabinet on the ground
a person takes a couple of steps, grabs something then steps back
a person bends over to pick something up.
a person picks up something from the ground with their right hand.
the person is placing a tee down to go off.
a person kneels down as they hold on to something with their right hand, then gets back up.
person takes a knee then stands back up
a man lowers to a crouch with his right arm holding onto something for support, before pushing back up to a standing posture and stepping back.
a person takes the lid off a box and places it to their right.
a person lifts and item then puts it down
a person motions pretending to pick up an object on the left and the place it on the right.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, one step over an object and then two more steps.
a figure takes two steps forward
a man walks forwards gradually a few paces, taking a slightly longer and higher step with his right leg a few paces in, then returns to gradual walking.
a person chops with an axe.
a person grabs something with both his hands, lifts it above his head then brings it down. he does this twice
the person is chopping wood with an ax.
the person puts their hands on their lap and then t-poses.
a person begins with their arms stretched out, lowers their arms to their side, and eventually raises their arms back to their original position.
person stands with feet shoulder length apart then spreads arms apart.
the person is walking normally forward.
the man is walking normally
a person looks to be walking in a straight line.
a person walks forward with both arms at their side not swinging
a person walks slowly forward
a person walks forward a few steps
a man sidesteps to his left, then crosses his arms and bends down to the ground, before lifting back up to a standing position.
a person sat on florr and crossed the legs and stand up
the person cross his legs to pick up something on the ground
a person walks and turns to the right.
person walks forward and to the right (clockwise)
the person in the video walks in a curve.
person is standing and puts arms out to side
the man drops his hands to his knees then raises them again.
a man is sitting on something at waist height, lowers his arms to his lap, then stretches them back out to his sides at shoulder-height.
a person does a jump
person jumps into the air
the person is jumping up and down.
a person uses their left arm out in front of their body in a counter-clockwise rotating motion
a man bends his left arm slightly, and makes a clockwise stirring motion with the arm.
a person stirs something with their left hand.
the man is on a motorcycle
a person starts out with his legs shoulder-width apart, knees slightly bent, toes facing out, hands on hips, and twists his torso and hands slightly, as if he is steadying or balancing himself.
a person stands still and does nothing.
a person is standing and moving their forearms up and down at the same time.
a person lifts a dumbell with each of their hands.
a standing person does forearm lifts twice in place.
someone walking in a clockwise circle
a person is walking extremely slowly in a circular motion
a person walking in a circle
a person who is holding a bottle in his left hand, opens the bottle with his right hand, holds the bottle aloft and drinks from it and lowers his hand.
a person raises their left hand over their head then drops it.
someone has difficulty raising their left arm
raising hands in the air.
a person raises their arms.
a person is lifting something.
a person walking down in a straight line
a person slowly walks forward.
the person is walking forward.
a person slowly walked forward and stopped
a person walks in a straight line from top to bottom.
the person was walking really fast.
person runs fast in forward direction
the person is running in the diagonal arrow to the left.
a person is jogging forward
a man with his legs outstretched brings his hands together to clap them.
a person does a really quick clap
a man with outstretched arms claps twice and then stretches his arms out again.
the man turns his head to look to his right then turn and looks to his left.
a person is looking around.
a person standing starts to look to his right and then left and then back to his right again
a person sat on something
stepping forward with left foot and sitting down in a chair slightly to the left
a person standing up takes one small step forward with their left leg, then one step with their right leg, then they sit down.
a man stands with his arms at his sides, and sways slightly to his left.
person is being still and leaning slightly to their left
the person is standing completely still turning their head
a person walks forward quickly and then stops
a person walking down something fast.
a person runs forward and then stops
a person raises their arms up.
a person lifts an object up over their head with both hands
a person moves both arm in an upward direction fast.
a man lowers his arms, then moves something in front of his face.
a man puts his arms in front and then waves them back and forth twice
person makes incomplete pass sign
a person spins quickly and takes off running.
a man spins once and then runs in the opposite direction.
a person turns to the right while making forward progress then begins running forward.
he jumps very high in the sky
a man makes a single jump forwards from a standing start, with his arms dangling loosely by his side.
a person jumps into the air.
the figure gets on its hands and knees, crawls forward, then turns counterclockwise and crawls forward again before standing back up.
a person goes on his knees and crawls to the right, turns around and crawls back to the left, and then stands back up.
a person getting down to crawl to the left, to the right, and then getting back up.
a person is jogging forward at a quick pace.
a person fastly ran forward
the person is jogging forward.
someone walks up a flight of stairs.
a person is walking upstairs in a straight line.
a person walks up stairs.
a person puts his arms to his side.
a person spreads their arms horizontally before letting them fall to their sides
user has bend knees, raised arms to the side, perceds to put arms down and then back up
a person is acting like a cat.
the person is acting like a human cat
the person calls for their cat
a person walks forward, slightly bends at the waist, reaches for something to his left with his right hand, and he moves the thing to his right.
a person walks forward, moves something from left to right with their right hand, then steps back.
a person who has his hands down by his sides takes two steps forward, bends, picks something up with his right hand and moves it to his right, then takes two steps back.
a man appears to slowly celebrate with a fist pump.
a man raises his left arm in the air.
the toon walks forward a couple of steps, before raising their right hand up.
a man walks forward with their right hand on the railing and their left hand at their side.
the person is walking on a balance beam holding on with his left hand.
person cautiously and tenatively walking foward in a way that appears as if they are stepping over items in its way.
a person claps very politely.
the person is clapping
the person stands still and claps their hands.
a person is dancing the waltz, going in a counter-clockwise direction with the left arm out.
this person is holding his arms out and dancing the walls.
a man is practicing the waltz with a partner
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
the person is walking down a slope.
the man walks up 6 steps.
a person turns to the left, squats while bringing both hands together then stands up straight again.
a person sits down and then gets back up
a person steps back two steps and lowers to a crouch position.
waving hand to someone known for 3 seconds
the person hesitates before waving with their right hand.
a person stands in place while waving hello or goodbye.
a person throwing something with their right arm.
a figure casts a fishing reel.
a person stands, then pivots back to his right foot, then throws an object right-handed while shifting his weight to his left foot; in that same position he then catches something, shifts his weight back to his right foot and then returns to a standing position.
a person runs from the middle to one side then turns around then runs to the other side, then runs back to the middle.
person turns and jogs to their right, then turns around and proceeds to jog all the way to their left, and continues to repeat this motion.
a person starts jogging slightly forwards creating a loop and stopping.
a person walk forward with a natural gait.
a person walks forward a few steps and then stops.
walking forward and then stopping.
person walks for swings around on their list food then walks back to where they started.
a person walks forward, twirls and then walks back.
a person standing with his arms at his sides steps forward two steps, turns 180 degrees, steps forward two steps and stops.
someone jumps around, takes four steps and turns back
a person jumps in the air, spinning in a complete circle, walks forward, then walks backwards.
the man spins around then walks forward then back
the toon walks forward a few steps, then turns around walking back.
the person is walking forward turning left.
a person walks and turns to his left.
a person walks forward, then gets on its right knee then does a hand gesture.
a person walks forward and then bows down.
a person is walking forward and bowing to an audience.
person stands with both arms up then moves legs and arms side to side
a person swings their arms around, and steps, posing.
a person sways side to side cheerfully, then yawns.
the figure is walking straight with their hands to their sides.
a person slowly walks forward four steps.
a person is walking forward normally
swinging their hands up to chest level the person jumps once.
a person jumped on the place
a man slightly crouches and then jumps, bringing his arms up as he does.
a figure raises its arms above its head and then does a forward roll
a person raises their hands in the air, jumps forward on their hands oh, then flips forward onto their feet.
person raises arms and does forward back flip to come to stand position with hands raised.
the man holds his hands up and squats twice.
person is performing squat exercise
person squats down with both arms above his head
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
a figure walks counter clockwise.
a person throws something and catches something.
the figure braces what looks like it could be a ball up towards their left side with both hands before throwing it and catching another object at chest level.
a man puts something in his hand, and puts his arm back in a throwing motion.
a person jumps at one place with both legs.
a person jumps on the spot.
a man jumps with arms loosely at his side.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes six deliberate steps forward and stops.
he moves a around then stops
the person is walking forward.
a person is holding both arms in a side line from shoulders to elbows, with forearms and hands pointing upward making a short 'y' shape with his upper body while squatting slightly, using both legs spread shoulder-width apart.
a person holds both hands up near their head and then squats down slightly a couple times.
the person uses the dumbbells to lift weights
this person uses both hands as if to work very quickly.
a person grabbed something and lean in near to face
the person is drinking with both hands .
a person walks forward with a side to side motion, and not walking in a straight line.
the man walks forward and does step over
a person slowly walks to the front left.
a person crosses their arms, then has their arms angrily at their sides.
person crosses arms then puts them down.
a person crosses their arms in front of themselves
the person is lifting their arm and starts stretching it and release
a man stretches his arms high up over his head before bringing them down in a wide circle.
person brings both hands up across the body stretching all the way to the top, brinning entire body to the straight line and than releases hands and body to the relaxed position.
a person walks and lifts something up to move it
the man walks and picked up something from the ground place it in his place and walks back
the person is lifting some thing that is heavy.
a person curls up in a ball
person dances curling inward with right the left arms toward stomach
person is doing some sort of dance
a man walks forward quickly.
a person runs a short distance forward and stops.
a person walks down something fast.
a person steps wide to their right, to their left, to their right, to their left, and then continues walking normally.
a person steps forward carefully then shifts to the right.
a person is only stepping on certain tiles.
a person picks up and answers a phone with their left hand.
the man in a seated position makes tight, erratic movements with his left hand. both arms are bent and towards the front of the body
a person raises their left hand
a person walks forward, takes large step with right leg then slowly walks back to the left.
the person pushes off their leg to move forward
figure walks forward then zags to left before walking right.
a man lifts his right hand to his mouth, walks forward and lifts ups his right leg.
a person takes two steps forward, then leans over and braces on a table with their left hand while kicking their right foot.
a person standing raises their right arm towards their face, leans out with the left hand and hold on to something while walking forward, and kicks her right leg out in front of their body.
a man touches his shoulder, stretches and touches his shoulder again.
a person raised both hands and made some jesture
a person opens something, takes a drink with their left hand, and then places the cap back on.
the sim appears to scoot across the plane.
the person step forward once in his left foot and stop.
a person standing still gets pushed forward.
a person runs diagonally.
a man runs quickly from his left side to his right.
a person takes a quick jab step to his left with his left foot and then he sprints at a right diagonal.
a person squats and puts their hands together in front of them.
the person squatted down to look at something.
moving arms down near chest.
he bends over and squatting down he writes something on the ground
a person is stood up and crosses over their feet and lowers into a sitting position, putting a hand onto the floor to balance. before they reach the floor they stand back up.
a person crosses their feet, touches the ground and stands back up.
a person walks and half spins to his left and walks back
a person walks in a straight line, turns about completely, and walks in another straight line.
a man walks forward, then spins counterclockwise as he swings his right leg before walking back the way he came.
a person has his arms bent, and he brings them together in front of his chest, before he rears back and tosses something with his right arm as his left arm goes to his side.
a person pitches with their right hand.
the person is giving someone an upper right.
a man walks forward, taps at something at neck level with his left hand, then turns counterclockwise and walks back.
a person walks forward a few steps then makes a knocking motion with their hand, then returns the direction they came from.
a person walks forward, taps something with their right hand, turns around, and walks back.
raise both hands sideways, put them down, leaning towards left a bit and then raising both hands sideways again.
a person with legs bent puts arms up.
the woman skips happily backwards towards her friend.
a person stretches their arm out, curves outwards and returns it to the neutral position
a person stretches both arms up above head and lowers them.
he moves a around then stops
a person is dancing and starts to take a drink with their left hand.
a man runs on a flat surface
the man is drinking with his left hand
a person is pushed to the right then walks back left.
the person steps back 2 steps and comes forward 2 steps.
a person shuffels to the left, left foot behind right then back to center.
a person lifts both hands up to above face level, slightly twisting right and left, and then wipes his face the back of his right hand.
a person puts their hands in front of their mouth and acts like a dog
a person raises both arms to their chest, shivers, then scratches their head with right arm
a man appears to be dancing and waving his arms and then does the wave through his legs, then returns to the arms once more.
a man standing and dancing and moving his arms.
a person start to raise the swift every part of the body
a person stands upright then leans back to the right and extends both arms forward diagonally.
user has both hands up while torso leans back, user looks frightened
a person standing becomes startled by something, leans back and raises arms to place distance between himself and the object. while still leaning back the person lowers arms while trying to maintain balance and raises arms and attempts to block, create distance again.
the person is lifting the dumbbell with his right arm.
a person is waving with their right hand.
waving hand near face.
trips backwards slightly while leading with right foot.
the person was pushed backwards but did not fall down.
person stumbles back and regains balance
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a man walks in a clockwise circle at a medium pace, while swinging his arms.
someone walks in a clockwise circle while swinging their arms then stops
a person side steps to their left
the person is standing facing forward taking  a step to the left.
a person takes one big step to the left.
the person is doing a light hop.
a person hops while shaking their hands.
person jumps up and down with hands shaking at sides.
the person was running and turned right.
a person runs to his right.
a person runs forward, then turns and runs to the right.
someone is walking forward and is pushed backwards, then they recover and continue walking forward.
a man walks forward at a slow pace then walks backwards.
a man walks forward and then backwards.
the person is boxing with the right arm.
man has his right foot in front of his left foot and leans forward while he moves his arm in an overhand throwing motion
person throws a punch with right arm.
a person walks forward while not bending their right knee.
the person walks forward slowly with their legs wide apart
a man walks forward slowly without bending his legs.
right hand was pointing upward and body was shifting to right
a person standing raises his right hand over his head
stick figure raises right arm to bend to the left
the person is walking leaning to the side.
a figure walks down a set of stairs with a very jarring alternating set of steps.
figure appears to be side stepping
a person stomps his left foot.
a person kicks the ground with his left leg.
a person stomps their left foot.
a man standing put both arms out and back down.
a man starts standing with arms outstretched shoulder whit, then uses his right arm to continually push at something.
a person who is standing with his arms straight out from his sides at shoulder height, drops his hands, then lifts his right arm and points four times with his right hand before dropping his arms to his sides.
a person throws something with both hands.
a man reaches up and grabs something and then puts it up higher and pushes it back and returns his hands to his side.
a man raising hands up and walking in the forward direction
walking forward and then back.
a person steps forward, then quickly turns and steps backwards.
a person is walking and then turns around and walks back
a person is standing straight, and lifts their right arm to theirhead as if to look at the time on their watch.
the person brings their right arm up as if checking a watch and brings it back down.
a person raises their hand to their chest then back to their side.
a person appears to be seated turning a large wheel back and forth.
a person is sitting behind turning the steering wheel in a vehicl
a person is sitting/squatting and moving their arms while bent up and down
a person mail from right side to left and then right and stop
a person is jogging around the room.
a person runs right to left then stops back in the center facing forward.
stick figure throwing its arms in a punching motion
a person is punching, several small punches and then a large one.
a person stands on the ground, makes three quick punches times with their right arm, one time with their left arm, then makes a big punch swinging with their right arm.
this person waves off as if joking.
a person turns to throw something with his left hand.
a figure throws out a foul ball with their right arm.
a figure slightly tugs his right forearm with the left hand, first to the right and then to the left.
a person holds something in front of them, and makes a light putting motion.
a person standing still holding their hands together.
a person is waving with his right hand then stops
a person waves his right hand.
a person waves with their roght hand.
a person swings something with both hands
a person throws an object with both hands.
the person uses both hands to throw something to the right while facing that way. then they lean back slightly with their hands together and step slightly forward
a person bends to his left several times while stretching his right arm over his head.
a man casually stands up tall while waving his right arm, as if beckoning in his direction, while his left hand is rested on the hip.
standing, a person lifts his right hand over his head and stretches
person slowly walks forward to the edge of the grey platform.
a man slowly walks forward.
the person is walking slowly in a straight line
a person walks slowly forward.
a walks slowly forward with arms slightly swinging at sides.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person walks backwards then crawls forward
a person gets down on their hands and knees, crawls forward, and then stands back up.
a person walks backwards, then gets down and crawls forwards, then stands.
a man raises his  hands to his chest, claps them together, then lowers them back to his sides.
person is clapping their hands.
a person claps his hands.
a man stands and stretches out his legs and lifts both of his arms.
the person depicted does enjoyable movements with its body.
this person has his arms out to the sides while stepping left.
a person raises one arm up and points the other towards the floor as they stretch.
a person in the standing position raises their right arm.
a person stands still and drinks a beverage quickly
figure walks slowly starting with their right foot then left forward.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person is looking forward slowly.
person moves forward and kicks something with right foot
a man takes a few steps forward kick slightly with his right leg, then a few steps back to his starting position.
a person slightly kicked with right leg, and back to the place
a person paces from right to left, and then back to where they began
the sim is pacing back and forth alone the plane in a sort of rectangular motion.
a man walks to the side and then turns and walks to the other side before turning again and stopping in the middle.
a person runs diagonally across a room with their arms swinging hands down.
a person runs slight towards the right.
a person runs forward with their arms swinging side to side in front of their body.
the man is walking backward
a person walks straight backwards at a constant rate.
a person takes several steps backwards.
a person shuffles forward and throws a roundhouse kick with their right leg.
a person performing a right legged double kick
this person kicks with his right leg and steps back.
a person begins by facing forward. they then make a half turn, counter-clockwise with their arms swinging out. they then walk six steps away before turning clockwise back to face the front.
a person turns counter clock wise and saunters down the cat walk before clock wise, facing forward.
the man turns half a circle then swaggers several step and turns around.
a person takes a few slow steps forward, starting with the right leg, and ends in a standing position.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks slowly forward.
a person stands from a kneeling position.
a person stand up from the floor
a person stands up from being on the ground using their left hand to push up
a person walks forward and then backwards.
person slowly walks forwards before turning around to the left and walking back to the start.
a person takes a few slow steps forward, turns around, and walks back to his starting position.
a person grabbing their right shoulder as if they were hurt
a standing person puts both their left and right arm crossing them in front of his chest to create an x form and then pushing their arms away forward
a person crosses their arms, then releases it.
person seem to waving everyone to take their seats
a stick model uses its right and to first pat the top left and then moves its right arm to pat the top right. it then lowers its arm and pats the bottom left and then the bottom right
waving hands around above head.
this person is standing with legs crossed then steps forward with right foot.
the man stands cross-legged staggers then crosses his legs again.
standing with their legs crossed, eventually the person walks forward and puts the other foot over the foot and turning.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks forwards slowly.
a person walks in an arc to the left.
a person walks in a curve to the left.
a person suddenly walking to the right.
a person sits down, crossing their legs as the do so, and stands back up.
person starts with arms raised before bending down legs crossed to sit and then stands up
person sat down with their legs crossed.
a person walks up stairs slowly
the sim walks down the plane, begins to climb up stairs.
a person takes two steps forward and then marches slowly back to the original position.
a person jumps forward over something.
a person bends at the knees with their arms back and then jumps up and slightly forward.
a person jumps forward once.
a man slams his right arm down onto something.
person does a tennis or volleyball spiking motion
a person raises their left hand overhead and then slams it down toward the ground.
a person reaches out to hold a rail with their ride hand and then ascends steps.
a person takes hold of a handrail with their right hand as they begin to walk up stairs
a person grabs a railing and slowly walks up stairs.
a person in the process of sitting down
this person slowly lowers himself to sit.
person appears to prepare to sit down and then sits down
the is standing, appears to be holding an object, throws the object then takes a slight step forward.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a man throws something with its left hand.
a person is throwing an object up... as in a kid tosses a ball into the air before swinging it's bat.
the sim is making punching motions upward.
the man is boxing upwards
a person paces from right to left and then back to their origin.
the guy was walking back and forth.
a person paces back and forth walking
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person throwed something with right hand
a figure throws with its right hand
a person takes three lumbering steps towards the camera.
a person walks forward rapidly.
a person slowly walked forward
the person took one quickstep to the right.
a person who has his arms down my his sides takes one quick step to his right.
walking to the side.
a person is doing a dance.
a person is dancing with another person
the person is square box dancing.
a person moves his right hand near mouth, and then moves hand lower.
a person with its right arm raised starts to set it down.
stationary person raising their right hand to their head
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person waves his right hand.
a person waves with their right hand
picking up invisible firgure from left to right
person lifts an object then atremots to secure and steady it, then sets it down on opposite side.
a person lifts a box and moves it from left to right.
a person turns steering wheel with both hands.
a person in a squatting position, tilts and object back and forth
a man is sitting down and moving his hands
a person steps to their left, runs forward, and then back-peddles to their origin.
a person walks sideways, then runs forward, and then runs backward without slowing down.
running in a circle.
a person walks towards and up the stairs.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person walks up stairs.
a person shakes their right hand up and down while holding their left arm outwards.
a person played on something while grabed it with both hands
a person strums their guitar quickly with their right hand.
a woman jumps vertically performing burpees at the gym.
a man squats low and jumps up with his hands on his knees.
a person squats and jumps and then repeats it.
the man stands with his arms outstretched and bends his elbow slightly in and out.
the person is waving both its arms inward and out.
a man waives both arms in front of him inward then outward
per son walking in a fashionable way using a rail as a guide
a person steps forward slowly, reaching out to their side with their left hand to hold something for support.
the person is walking downstairs holding onto the handrail.
a person walks forward a few steps
a man struts down a row.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a man lowers his hands to his sides and ten raises his arm to the front.
the person is doing arm exercises.
a person puts both hands slightly up.
man brings arms uo then in a circle
standing and swinging arms in circles.
a person rubs the air.
the person is taking something from the left and sitting it on the right
a person reaches for something then sets it down, then reaches for something again.
figure picks a box up, moves it to their right, places it back
a person swinging their right leg similar to kicking a ball
the person is kicking his right leg backwards.
the man is standing still
a person throws an object with their red hand while taking a step back with their red leg for extra momentum
a figure steps forward with one leg and swings his arm over his head and diagonally across in a pitching motion.
the person is throwing with a right hand.
a person slowly walked forward and return
a person walks forward a few steps, then squats to the ground, lifts something up to place it on top of something, stands up, turns, and walks back.
a person walks forward, then squats down, gets back up, turns around and walks back.
a man jumps with arms loosely at his side.
a man looks both ways, then jumps in the air.
a person bends to a squat, then jumps forward.
the person is boxing with his right and left hand.
a person is swing their fists.
a person punches with their right hand then their left hand
a person lifts up an object, tilts it and then places it back down where it was before
person opens drawer then puts something in it
moving hands side to side.
a person twists to their right and picks up something with their right hand to bring to their mouth.
a person picks something up, puts it to their face and puts it down.
turning to the side then bending down.
a person squats with their arms out in front of them.
a figure does a squat
a person squats down with arms stretched straight out forward and then stands up.
a person shuffles side to side, arms up, moving quickly, as if playing a game.
a person sidesteps very quickly to his right, then left, then right and left again.
person moves from side to side with knees bent and arms on guard
a person stirs with the right hand.
a person who is stirring with their right arm
a person acts as if they are washing something with their right hand.
a person grabs the railing and walks up and then back down the stairs.
a person walking up and down the stairs.
a person walks up 4 steps by lifting one leg at a time then turns around and walks down those steps.
after standing a while, the person sidesteps to the right unsteadily.
the person was pushed by something and slid to the right
a person rapidly sidesteps to the right.
a person is pushed from the left and recovers balance.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides sidesteps to his right, stops and then sidesteps slightly to his left.
walking quickly in a sideways pattern.
a person repetitively jumps over and over while turning in a slow circle.
man is jumping rope moving toward the left.
a person is using a skipping rope
a person jumps, spreads their feet, and lifts their arms ovr their head.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is doing half jumping jacks.
the person move his arm to the right hand side up then left and right.
a person slowly thrusts right arm forward and then left arm forward as if throwing a slow punch or exercise motion.
the sim appears to be boxing with both their left & right arms.
a person stands with legs shoulder-width apart, slightly bent at the knees, arms outstretched at shoulder height, lowers left arm for several seconds, then brings with arm back to shoulder height.
this person is standing bent at the knee and drops his left arm.
a person is sitting down with both arms extended, lowers his left arm, then brings it back up
a person kicks their legs in front of them one after the other
a person kicked with rigth and after left legs
a person kicks the right leg out in front of the body, then the left.
a person walks quickly forward, moving at a slight angle to the right
a man takes a few steps forward, stopping in a standing position.
a person walks forward and stands still.
the person is walking holding onto a handrail.
a person with its right arm slightly raised, walks forward.
person walking while using right handrail assistance
pretend to hold a ball in your right hand, toss the ball upward and kick it with your right foot as it falls toward your foot. take steps forward and keep going out of the area.
the person through something up and kicked it forward.
person is making a kicking motion
a person walks to their left then their right then back to their original position.
a person strafes back and forth from right to left.
a person walks sideways .
a person slowly kicks their right foot forward then puts it back and stands still, with feet shoulder width apart.
a person kicks and swings their right leg.
person cakes right foot forward.
a person is walking in a circle
this person walks from right to left in a circle.
a person walks counter-clockwise in a circle.
a person performs several jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a man repeatedly jumps while extending his legs towards the side and and returns them to the center of his body while clapping his hands above his head.
the person was pushed but did not fall.
a person walks forward and then shuffles quickly to the right and then walks diagonally forward.
a person takes two steps forward, then walks sideways three steps, then walks forward diagonally and to the left three steps.
a man leans to the left, slightly lifting up his right foot.
the person was pushed while he was standing still
a person stands still for a few seconds, then tips briefly to one side as though struck in the head, before regaining balance.
man stands straight up and using his left hand creates counter clockwise circles around his stomach area.
a person moves their left arm in a circular motion in front of their stomach area.
a person raised the left hand and start to make a circle
a person lifts his left hand up to his face and then lowers it
person brings left palm to face and then brings it back down
a person raises up their left hand and then drops it.
a man is running while standing in place
a figure stretches their ankles.
a figure jogs in place without moving their arms
a person that steps to the left and then steps back to the right
a person staggers to their left, then returns to starting position.
a person takes a step to their left, then steps back.
a person crosses their arms then drops them.
a person crosses his arms.
a person brings their arms up as if to hug their torso.
a person standing with his arms by his sides steps to his left, leans to his left and raises his right arm above his head, drops his arm, then leans to his right, raises his left arm above his head, drops his arm, looks down and straightens up.
the person stretches their right arm so that their right hand goes over their head, then does the same for their right arm and right hand.
a stretches to their right side and then to their left side.
a person walks forward, stops, then walked backward and walked forward again.
a person walks forward, then staggers backwards a few steps as if they'd bumped into something.
a person walks forward, stops abruptly, and then walks directly backwards.
the man is walking forward
marching in place while the arms move up and down in front of the body.
a person swings and moves his arms and legs
man stands still straight up and down then bends at the knees and takes one big jump forward.
the person bends their knees in preparation for a forward hop and proceed the hop forward; landing on both feet simultaneously.
a person jumps down a step.
the person is stepping over something
a person is stepping on stones to cross
the person is walking on steppingstones.
a man is jogging slowly to his left while swinging his arms to gain momentum
a person runs in place
a person runs on the spot.
a man holds a drink in his left hand, opens it with the right hand, and then lifts the vessle to his mouth to drink.
a woman grabs a cup with her left hand , wipes it off with her right hand and then reaches above her head with her left arm and put it away in the cupboard.
a person lifts his left hand.
a person throws a left hook
a person makes several short punches while turning to the right.
a man who is standing in a fighting stance leans right and throws a slow punch with his left hand.
person moves right arm forward in front of face.
a person lifts their right hand up above their shoulders.
a person raises his right hand in front of him to shoulder height
the man takes 5 steps forward.
a person walking forward in a medium pace.
the figure walks forward 4 steps
person walks forward, but slightly stumbles, regains their footing, and continues walking to the edge of the platform
a person walking forward stumbles slightly but returns to normal walk.
a person walks straight ahead, stumbles & swings their arms to keep balance.
a person walks back and forth from left to right, then stops in the middle.
person turns and walks to their right, reaches the edge of the platform, then turns around and walks all the way to their left, then they repeat this process.
a person walks to the right, then to the left, then back to the starting position.
the sim is standing in place doing jumping jacks.
the person is doing multiple jumping jacks. they are jumping while bringing their arms above their sides and over their head
the man is jumping jump
the sim is doing a range of motion exercise from their wrist to their shoulders on both their right & left sides.
a person does a range of motion with hands and arms.
the man moves his arms as if swimming.
a person walks straight forward at a slow pace.
a person walking slowly in a straight line
a person walks forward slowly at an angle
a person walks down stairs holding on to the railing.
a person begins to walk downstairs and then stops.
this person walks forward with clumsy steps.
a person is standing still, then walks forward and turns to the right while still walking, then stops
a man stands still for a few seconds, then takes a few steps forward, turning to his right as he does.
a person slowly walked forward and in right direction
walking forward while swinging arms.
a figure kicks with his right leg, immediatly walks backward, then steps forward aggressivly
a man starts action by moving back abit and lifts his leg up as kicking then goes back backwards and comes back at the same spot with both of his hand at shoulder level
a man emulates jogging, shuffling around in a couple clockwise circles while keeping his body facing forward the whole time.
jogging backwards then in a circle.
a figure appears to be jogging and hopping in place, moving in a circle as though preparing to box
person puts left hand to left leg, while right arm is sideways
a person standing with legs far apart and arms raised brings his left arm down to his torso.
the person has arms out and moves blue arm towards the center in a stretching motion.
this person was forward then stops.
the person is walking forwards.
a person is walking forward with their arms still.
a person walking slightly to the right
a person walks in a slow arc.
person walks forward, makes a half circle curve when walking, and starts walking to their left.
a person stands with arms straight out from sides, claps, then lowers arms  by sides.
the person was clapping with both hands.
a person claps their hands several times.
a person stands up while doing an opera clap
person brings both hands together chest height and rocks body side to side
a figure leans from his left foot to right, extending his arms horizontally as if swinging a golf club
walking forward and then stopping.
he walks straight forward directly
a person walks forward a few steps then stops.
the person standing with their arms out at their side.
with their right hand, they raise it to somewhat press to their left, then their right, and then up and down.
a person drops his hands to his side and moves his right hand.
the sim appears to grab a cup with their right hand, taking a drink setting it down before turning around.
the person turns around, picks something up and holds it to their head, then puts the object back.
the person picked up some thing on the left and took a drink.
a person catches an object with both hands.
the person stands still then grabs the box
a figure stands with arms at his side before gesturing in a semi circle with both arms.
a person steps to the left with their left foot, then moves their right foot to the back of that foot, then returns the right foot and left foot back respectively.
a person steps to their left and then back to the right
a person moved in left and right direction
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward, stumbles, and then continues to walk forward.
a person is walking forward and back.
a person kicks their right foot in front of them in a dangling motion and then puts it back on the ground.
a person steps forward and kicks an object.
a person steps forward and kicks their right foot sideways.
a person in a fighting stance kicks their left leg directly forward.
a person puts both hands by their face in a defensive stance oh, then kicks with their left foot.
a person raises their hands near their face and kicks their left leg.
a person walks forward and then pulls something behind them.
person is stumbling while trying to pick up something
a man walks forward than backwards while moving his arms.
a person walking side to side.
a man turns to his right and walks, then turns around counterclockwise and walks, turns once more clockwise and walks back, turning one final time as he stops in a standing position.
a person drops his arms to his side.
a man bends knees,lowers both hands and raises and then spreads both hands wide apart in the air.
the person lowers their arms and lifts them back up.
a person sits down on a chair
a person turns to the left and sits down.
the person is standing then sits down
a person jogs forward, stops and gets into a sideways fighting stance.
the person is running very steadily forward.
a person runs forward and then enters a fighting stance.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and return
the person is walking up towards a box and then proceeds to walk down a box.
walk upstairs turn around walk downstairs
the person does a couple of small kicks with his left leg
a person kicks the ground a few times with their left foot.
the person kicks out its blue leg several times.
a person kicks something with his right foot then stands with legs far apart.
a person steps forward with their left leg and kicks something with their right foot.
someone is dancing by pivoting their right knee toward their left knee then repeating the motion pivoting their left knee towards their right knee, while rotating their hands counterclockwaise around eachother.
a person stands with their feet parallel to each other as they raise their right hand and reach forward to grab an object and then they lower their arm back down.
person took a book from the shelf with his right hand.
the man takes his right hand and reaches to get a book out of a bookshelf.
a person hops up and down.
a person takes small hops in place.
a man jumps repeatedly with arms loosely on his sides.
a person ties their left shoe and then eats something with their right hand.
the person is down on his knee tying his shoe.
a person bending down over left foot tying their shoe, then stands up and covers mouth with right hand.
a man walks forward while using his right hands for stability.
walking forward with arms outstretched.
a person walks forward with a cane.
a man walking and then turn to his right
a person slowly walked forward
a person steps forwards carefully.
the person was standing still reaching up words with his left arm.
a person punches the air with their left hand.
a person punches their left arm up.
a person steps forward, then kneels down using their left hand for support.
a person gets on the floor with its knees.
arms flap up and down, then the body knees down with both hands on the ground.
the person is lifting something from left to right
a person is moving something from his left hand side to his right hand side
a person picks something up on their left and moves it to the right.
subject walks to the center, side steps and walks backwards briefly.
he starts to walk forward
a person walks happily in around
a person walks forward, then turns to the right.
the person is walking to the right to the band.
the man is bending to right
a person is walking forward while trying to balance with his arms
a person has his left hand on a handrail while walking forward
a person holds both hands out and walks slowly forward, putting their hands down by their sides.
a person reaches his left arm straight out
the blue and red stick figure is scratching his shoulder
a person raised the left hand and pull it down
a person looks down at the ground and then takes one jump forward with both feet.
a person does a small jump forward then takes a small step back
this person jumps a small jump forward.
a person walks forward while a line is drawn on the ground that follows the direction of the person walking and stays between their footsteps.
a person walks hurriedly forward while seeming to use their arms for momentum (small short swings).
person is speedily walking forward
a person side steps in a defensive position.
a person shuffles forward in a quick motion, similar to a monkey or gorilla.
a person runs forward in a defensive pose.
he walks forward and upstairs
a person walks forward from one side to the other.
a person is walking forward and up some stairs.
a man picks something up off the ground.
a person picking something of the ground
the toon bends down to pick something up.
a person does a defensive shuffle on a diagonal before stopping
person lunges diagonally to their left and toward the camera.
person moves violently side to side
the person is walking straight backwards.
as the title suggests, the person is walking straight backwards.
a man walks backwards for a few steps.
the sim takes a couple steps forward, then turning to their right before walking back the opposite direction.
the person is walking towards the right.
a man walks forward 2 steps then walks back.
a person jogs lightly in place.
a person fastly jogged forward
a person jogs on the spot, and then makes a small jump.
the person sat down and crossed his legs.
a person stands, crosses right leg in front of left, lowering themselves until they are sitting, both hands on the floor before standing and uncrossing legs.
a person sits with their legs crossed and then stands up.
a person is repeatedly raising and lowering their forearms.
a man keeps his legs still as he flexes both arms in front of him several times.
a person lifts something with both hands and does this twice.
a person walks forward slightly slowly and at a angle to their right
a person walks forward and then slows down at the end of the runway.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person swings arms back and forward to help jumping high several times.
a person jumps, reaching skyward with their right hand, lands swinging their arms and repeats twice more.
a person bends down, jumps straight up with both feet while swinging their hands up, then lands and jumps again.
a person is pushed forward and recovers standing up.
a person steps forward and stops.
the person was pushed but stayed standing.
a person swings both their arms.
someone in a golf stance hitting a ball
the person did a great golf swing.
a person does jumping jacks while moving to their right.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
this person is doing jumping jacks.
a person was sideways to right with the left foot stepping over the right foot, then reverses direction with the right foot stepping over the left
demand-side shuffles a short distance to the right and then side shuffles to the left for a longer distance.
a person is walking around the room.
a person jogs in a straight line, forward and then comes to a stop.
a person jogs a few paces forward and stops.
a person runs forward, at a medium speed.
the man picjs something up looks at it them puts it back down.
the person took something thing and tilted on its side.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person hops back, then takes a step sideways to their left, crossing one foot behind the other.
a figure hops tensely in place then staggers or quickly sidesteps to the left
person hops in the air, then quickly walks to the left, crossing his legs as he does so.
person crosses left arm over right while standing.
person folds arms in front of themselves
a person crosses their arms, then uncrosses them.
a man picks up a bar of soap with his right hand, lathers himself, and places the soap back in the soap dish.
a person picks up a cloth with the right hand, i item with the left, then wipes it.
a man reaches down towards the ground with right hand then left hand; right hand creates a sawing motion in the air while facing to the left.
a person walking in a diagonal line.
he pushes recovery on left arm
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes one step forward, starts walking towards his right, then takes two steps to his left and stops.
a person moves their right hand, then their left hand and puts both hands over their head and back down towards their waist.
a person putting on a shirt.
person standing begins moving arms with hands coming together then apart and then raising arms above head
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides pauses, hops to his left, slides on his left foot and stops.
the person was being pushed to the left.
stands stationary, then staggers to their left
subject kicks out right leg.
a person does a forward kick with his right leg.
person moves their body and kicks with right foot forward
a person stands in 3rd, lifts their back right leg, and then runs and does a ballet jump to the back.
the person is in a ballet posts.
standing on one leg then dancing around.
a person ran forward in left direction
the person is jogging towards the left.
a man run in a curve.
man walks cautiously with arms out then stops walking.
a figure lowers their outstretched arms then walks off to the right side/forward while using their hand to steady themselves on a wall
the man drops his arms and balances with his arms to take several steps forward.
a person sliding to the left with right foot, positioning right foot together with left foot, and then raising both right and left hands in the air in the stance of a ballerina.
a person is swinging arms side to side
person extends arms forward and sweeps them outward
a person standing with right arm raised steps forward, looks at his hands then raises right hand as if it's holding something.
person steps forward, opens a cell phone, and then brings it up to their ear
a person puts his right arm to hold the umbrella over his head
person is performing shoulder lifting exercise
the person is lifting a dumbbell over their head.
a person lifts an object in the air with both arms and repeats the lifting motion
a person is walking down some steps from the top to the bottom.
the person walked forward six steps.
a person walks forwards in a slight diagonal line.
a person gets down on their hands and knees.
a person goes from standing to kneeling on all fours.
kneeling down in place from standing
a person jumps in place, walks backward and then forward.
person moves forward jumps goes back then comes forward again and raises both arms shoulder height
this person jumps high then walks backwards and forward.
a person slides from side to side 2 times then takes off running while looking forward the whole time
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes one large step to his right, then continues to run in the same direction for five more strides.
the human steps to left, turned to the left, and started running.
a person (likely female) is bowing using their arms
walking forward with arms outstretched.
a person is doing a yoga pose
a figure casually walks clockwise in a circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle then stops at original position
a person walks in a complete circle going in a clockwise motion.
the person does a quick dance.
man hops back and forth on his feet, then goes into a breakdance on the floor, spinning twice, then stands back up
person jumps around then does a spinning dance move on the floor.
person takes large lateral step to the right side
a person does a medium sidestep to their right
a man takes a wide step to his left.
a person shuffles to the right and then back to the left.
moving side to side.
a person sidesteps from side to side.
a man extends his right arm up over his head, while his left arm is bent in front of his chest.
a figure gestures to the sky with their outstretched right hand, perhaps dabbing?
person takes a step to the right while holding right arm straight out and left arm curved.
the man throws with his left hand.
a person reaches back and throws his arm over his head
a person does a throwing motion with their left arm
a man walks down steps stopping at the bottom
a person walks forward slightly swaying.
person is walking forwards straight
a person steps back to his left, takes four steps forward, hops once and continues walking.
a person walks forward briskly, jumps, and continues to walk forward once they land
the man walks then hops then walks to the right.
a person is swaying from left to right and then takes one step forward
this person is leaning towards his right and left.
the person is leaning to the right and to the left.
the toon jogs in place.
a person jogs in place.
a person jogs on the spot.
the person was hitting a baseball.
a person brings both hands together to their chest as they take a step forward. the person then puts all their weight on their left foot and uses their right arm to make an overhead throwing motion and immediately makes another throwing motion with his right arm, but it's a larger motion than the first. the person then steps forward on their right foot before stepping backward to their starting position.
man winding up his right arm and throwing an object
kick left leg step back
the person steps forward and uses the left leg to kick something forward.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides steps forward with his right foot, kicks out with his left foot and then steps back to his original position.
the person had his arms out straight and put them down.
the person grabs something with their right hand and manipulates it.
a person lowering their arms, pushes something with right hand in three places, then uses both hands to pry apart doors from the middle.
a person walks forward in two steps and holds an imaginary can and shakes it before turning around
walking forward then back.
a person raised the right hand and shake it someone
the person is waving with his right hand.
a person standing up is waving their hand
the person is waving to someone across the street
a person walks a few steps forward, then turns to their left 180 degrees, and walks back to the starting point
a person walks forward then spins around counter clockwise on their left toes, then walks back.
person walks forward, turns around, and walks back
a person turns to his right with his right arm raised above his head.
a man waves his right arm while his left arm is near his chest.
the man looks like he’s flagging a taxi.
this person moves both arms to the sides while being raised.
the person uses their arms to pull open the drapes
the person was doing a warm-up of his pectoral muscles.
person moves fprward five steps down steps
a person walks down a few stairs.
a person walks forward towards a square as a squiggly line forms on the square, stands at the front with legs open over the squiggly line.
the person is picking something up tilting it on its side.
person squats a little raises both hands in a box position moves to right and then left
a person picking it up something on the left, putting it up to the right, and then placing it back to place.
a man spins in a clockwise circle three times with his hands in front of him.
a person turns counter clockwise in a circle.
the person spins in place clockwise 4 times.
a man leans down and wipes something with his right hand.
the person is wiping off the table.
this person moves his right hand as if to clean a counter top.
a person  slowly ran on the place
a person jogs in place with their legs and arms.
a figure jumping around briskly trying to warm up their body
walking forward and then back.
a figure walks forward then spins on their heel to return
a person walks forward, turns around to their left, and walks back to where they began.
the person smashed a tennis ball.
a person uses their right hand to pick something up before slamming it down in front of them.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person raises their arms up and down multiple times.
a person lifts dumbbells with both hands.
a figure raises its hands to shoulder level then lowers them, repeatedly
a person kneels down firstly on his right, then his left.
a man kneels down and braces himself on a stool with his right hand.
a person leans forward, extends his right arm to brace himself, gets down on both of his knees and picks something up with his right hand.
a person checks watch on left wrist.
a person checks the time.
the person is looking for something.
crawl, zigzag, backward, laydown, downhill
stick figure is army crawling backwards
it want let me load the video onto my screens
a person pull down the hand and after walked forwad and raised the hands
the man is making a pose i think
a person lifts weights with their left hand.
a person curls their left forearm up and down twice.
a person standing with arms by their side, lifts left arm up, then back down, and repeats.
the person took a large side step to the right.
person makes one large step to the right
a person standing with his hands by his sides takes a huge side step forward.
a person shifts their weight from side to side and shrugs.
a person lifts their arms, puts them down, then shrugs multiple times
the person looks confused and annoyed as he shrugs his shoulders.
a person is walking really slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person slowly walks forward five steps then stops.
a man starts from a standing position and seems to kick something with his right leg.
the person is kicking with his leg
the man is kicking the air
a person is seated playing drums.
a person sits and moves his left hand to his head.
person is sat down and moves both hands near face
person has arms extended to side of body shoulder height then moves both hands into centre and holds together
a person makes a motion to indicate "safe"
the person puts the roll of paper in the tube
this person walks forward then turns and walks back.
a person takes a few steps forwards, swings around, and takes a few steps back where they came from.
the person was walking and turned around to the left  and walked back.
a person in a squatting position with hands on the ground, extends left leg and the right leg outwards, getting jnto push up position.
the sim moves from a crouch into a lie on their front side.
a person crouches to lie down.
the person walks forward with their right hand leading. they swivel to the left with their leg kicked up. they put their leg down again and go back up the ramp
a person walks forward spins on their right leg to face behind them then walks forward.
the person walks forward, spins on one leg to turn back, and walks back.
a person stands still for a few seconds, before sidestepping to his left.
the person was pushed from his left side.
the person stands then moves to the right side
a person sits down backwards
person takes a step backwards before performing a squat like motion
a person steps backwards, sits and then pushes himself up again.
he boxes right upwards then stops
a figure reaches up and turns right.
person is doing a boxing uppercut
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides slowly and gently steps forward.
a person is walking forward slowly.
person walks forward in slow manner
person walks forward with right arm slightly extended as compared to left arm.
a person went down forward
a person is walking down steps.
a person holds a ballerina pose and then starts to dance.
this person is doing a dance.
a person stands with right leg behind and all weight on left, then swings right leg around and forward while crossing arms above head, then lowers arms down and to the side while swinging right leg around and back, then kicks right leg backwards and up, and then does an elegant pose standing on both legs with arms elevated.
a person steps forward and reaches out with their right hand, stopping, then swinging it back towards them, stepping back and stopping in a  neutral position.
a person steps forward, stretches out their right hand and uses it to quickly move something, then steps back.
a person walks forward, slides something with their right hand, and then quckly steps back.
jumping forward one time.
a person crouches down then jumps up.
a person standing then takes a jump
a person lifts and object with both hands from his chest to his face
a man cowers with his knees squatted.
a person eats a sandwich with both hands while sitting down.
spinning in a circle in the air.
a person does a three-quarters turn to their left.
the person jumped and turn to the right.
a person jumped on the place and kicked with right leg
the man is doing a twistdance
a person is dancing and twisting at the same time, then turns to the right and does a high kick with his right foot
a person jogs in an anti-clockwise circle twice.
the person is jogging in a circle.
a person jogs in a counter-clockwise circle
a person is throwing punches
the person is boxing with his right and left hands.
a man punches with his right hand once then his left hand once.
a person jumps backwards and has to steady themselves.
someone pushes himself up and takes a step back
a person jumps backward onto an object.
a person casually walks forward.
a person walks forward quite quickly.
the man walks forward at a slow pace.
a person is on their knees and then they get up slowly.
the person is on the ground and decides to get up
a person is on his knees and then gets up by pushing himself up with his right hand
a man steps backward slowly with arms curved at his sides.
a person carefully takes many small steps backwards.
a hunter may cautiously back away from a threatening predator in the wild.
the man is in a defensive pose
a person crouches, upset, putting their head in their hands
this person moves around with his hands on his head.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes a step, raises his arms above his head, takes four more steps with his arms raised above his head and drops his arms to his sides.
a person steps forward daintily with both hands held straight up
a person carefully walks across a narrow beam.
a man climbs up words, with his right arm slightly outstretched.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides reaches out with his right hand to grip a hand rail as he takes four steps up and stops.
a man walks up 4 steps of stairs.
a man moves clockwise in a circle and then stops.
a person walks in a circle to the right.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person side steps to the left and then the right.
person moves one large step to their left side
a person side steps to the left and then walks back to their origin.
a person makes a step slightly sideways and forward.
a figure steps forward, slightly unsteadily.
this person takes two small steps forward.
a person walks forward, turns to his left and walks.
the person is walking forward and turned left.
a person slowly walked forward and returned in left direction
person picks something up, shows it right, then puts it down.
a person picks something up with both hands, turns it, and very carefully places it onto something.
a person picks up something in front of them with both hands at shoulder width, tilts it to their right with their left hand, and sets it back down in front of them.
a person sat on something and leaned the hands near to face
a person crouches and holds their hands up worryingly.
the person is ensuring the object is tied tight
a man takes several steps forward and stops
the person is walking forward.
a man walks forward in place for several seconds, as though on a treadmill.
a person cautiously walks backwards.
a person walks backwards and then stops
a person takes 4 steps vackward.
standing person raises right leg and both arms, turns slightly to the left, then returns to original standing position.
the man kicks with his right foot.
someone raises their right leg and extends it then lowers it
a person picks something up, sets it down and throws something.
a person throws something with their right arm while stepping forward with their left leg, following through with their right leg.
a person who seems to be throwing something like a pitcher in baseball
a person standing still and then puts arms up in the air
a person is with their hands on their legs, knees slightly bent, and they sway from side to side and then straighten arms out to the side.
a person puts their hands on their hips and then stretches out their arms.
a person who is standing with his legs spread apart and hands by his sides forms a golf grip with his hands, takes a back swing, follows through to finish the swing and returns to his original position.
winding up and taking a hard golf swing
a person drives the ball in a game of golf.
the man walks and turns right
a person walks forward then turns around to the right and returns.
a person walks forward turns right around and walks back.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a man stands upward with arms to his side and walks calmly forward then suddenly changes direction after two steps and turns to the right and continues walking.
the figure takes a step forward before he turns to our left
person was walking towards the left.
a person walk slowly in a counterclockwise direction for about a quater of a circle.
a person walks forward and turns to the left
a person swing the left hand
the person was wiping in a circular motion with his left hand.
a person draws a circle, parallel to the floor, in front of him with his left hand.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person walks clockwise in a circler.
person jumps in 360 degree motion
a man jumps and spins around.
a person spins clockwise while jumping.
person walks forward then gets on all fours and crawls
a figure ambles forward with shoulders tight, then crawls on all fours before climbing upright again
a person tiptoes and then crawls and then walks.
a person walks while using a hand rail
a figure walks forward unsteadily, using their left arm to brace themselves on a wall
a person walks forward while leaning against something.
the person is walking and turning left.
walking forward then backwards.
a person walks forwards and turns around on their left foot.
the man is walking backwards straight
person moves backwards five steps
a figure takes 4 steps forward, away from the camera.
the person is walking normally towards me.
this person walks quickly forward.
a person walks forward.
someone walks forward, turns to their left, and walks back.
a person walks two steps forward, turns towards the left and around, and walks two steps back.
a man walks foward, then turns around and walks back.
this person suffles his feet right and left in a circle.
man walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks making a diamond pattern, stopping with his left foot inside the pattern.
a person slowly walks forward and stops.
person is slowly walking forward
a person walks forward slowly a few steps
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
walking forward and then stopping.
the man walks directly forward starting with his left foot then right foot then left foot.
a person crawling on his knees and hands strait and then turning around and crawling towards his original position
a person gets down on their hands an feet like a gorilla, and then moves forward and back to their starting standing postion.
a man crawls around the room back and forth.
a person shifts from foot to foot several times.
a person leans to the right, then the left and then moves their right foot out and then their left foot out.
a person stayned on the place while shaking the hands
a person sits and makes small random rotary motions with both hands.
a man seated moves his hands around an object.
person is seated with knees bent and hands in front, elbows bent, moving hands in a counter clockwise then clockwise circle.
person walks down then grabs something from their left with both hands and moves it to their right.
the person is picking something up and carrying it .
a figure walks forward and bends down to lift a bowl
a person moves right shoulder inwards, then moves to throw punch with right fist.
a person does a jab.
a person punches with their right hand
person is walking normally forwards. pace is relatively fast
the person is walking normally
person walks forward at a steady pace.
individual brings their right and up to their chin and sways before resting their arms back at their sides.
the person puts hits hand up and rotates their body around.
a person turning in a circle while using its right hand to cup the sound out of the person's mouth.
person is walking and stepped over something.
a person takes a mixture of small and large steps
a person walks forward in a wavy line
the person warms up by rolling their ankle
a person warms up their ankles by rotating the left one first and then the right one
the person is warming up their wrists and ankles.
this person walks from right to left, from back to front.
a person walks in a curved line.
a person rodding back and lounging his arm forward.
a person pitches a baseball with their right hand.
the man is pretending to play baseball
the person took a giant jump and turn to the left.
a person turns 90 degrees to the left while jumping.
a man is taking a large jump forwards and turning counter clockwise.
walking forward then stopping.
the person is walking briskly forward.
a person slowly walked forward
the person sat down in a chair.
a person sat on something and after get up
the man steps back and sits in a chair then gets up and steps forward.
a person who's arms are straight out, puts them down.
a person has hands outstretched and moves them to their thighs and stands there.
a person pull down the hands
the figure walks somewhat clumsily forward, turns around so that they are no longer facing the camera and sits briefly and then gets up and walks forward with swaying arms.
a person walks forward, turns around and crouches on the ground, before getting up and walking forward.
the person walks forward before then turning around and sitting down
the person is jogging in place.
a person runs in place then stops.
a person jogs in place then returns to a standing position.
standing up a person leading to their left looking down at their left arm
a man checks his watch.
a person lifts their left hand up slightly gesturing towards looking at a watch on their wrist.
person is throwing and catching a football.
a person throws an object against a wall with their right hand, and catches its rebound with both hands.
person is playing catch with someone
a person is jogging in pace with both hands in front of them mid torso.
the man is jogging in place again.
a person jogs on the spot.
a person standing raises his right hand to talk on the phone.
a man touches his face
a person grabbing the right side of their head or talking to someone on their phone
a person hold the knee with both hand, and after raised them up
a person is standing with their knees slightly bent with their hands on their knees, then slowly raises their arms until they are parallel to the ground.
a person standing in a hunkered over position then puts arms up.
a person casually walks forward.
this person walks slowly frontwards.
a person walks steadily straight ahead.
a person starts walking then starts leaping clockwise
a person walks slowly and then begins to jump around and wave their arms in the air.
the person is walking around.
someone jumps straight up once.
a person jumps up and down.
a person begins standing, jumps up vertically, and returns to the original standing position
a person is shooting a basketball with both hands.
a person throw something wth both hands
a person who seems to take a free throw shot
a person is doing a dance
person is dancing by bending right arm and right leg lifting and bending at the same time a few times, they repeat this on the left, they jump to the side and kick the left leg back, and then jump to the left
this person moves as if to dance a ballet.
person jumps in the air once
a person taking a jump forward
jumping up and down once.
a person turns to his left and steps on and over a high object, then a lower object, turns and steps on and over the lower object again.
a figure walks a path across jagged terrain
a person is walking on uneven terrain
person appears to jog forward slowly.
a man jogs forward then turns to the left.
a person runs forward fast.
a man crouches down while quickly walking forward and then stands up straight.
this person runs and ducks under something.
person begins to move forward, begins to slide or skid, recovers on right leg and continues forward
a person squats down and jumps a couple feet forward off of 2 feet and lands on both feet one time.
a man bends his legs slightly then takes a medium-length jump forward, raising his forearms slightly then letting them hang loose on landing.
stick figure does a slight squat, then jumps forward one step..
a person bending over doing stretches
a person bends forward to touch their toes, then spreads their legs and reaches for their left foot, and then their right.
someone bends over and stretches to their toes from left to right.
a person does a squat, widens their stance by moving their right foot out, then performs a second squat.
a person squats up and down two times.
the body squats, steps to its right, and squats again
the figure raises both arms up towards the face of the figure at a slant with the right hand being raised slightly above the left.
a person drinking something out of a bottle.
person puts hands over mouth
the person is making a right turn walking.
he turns to his right
person takes a few steps forward, takes a grand swirl turn, makes a few more steps, then stops.
this person sits down with legs crossed then stands back up.
a person sits cross legged down on the ground and then stands back up
a person bends down while reaching down holding his right knee trying to sit down with legs crossed
a person is walking forward and then turns to the left to turn around.
a person slowly walks forward and then turns around.
this person walks slowly forward then stops.
a person put something down and slowly walked forwards in left direction
a person sets something down on the ground and then walks with big hip sway in a diaganol direction.
a man places an object on the ground to his right. then stands back up and walks forward for 5 seconds.
a man squats down and raises his right hand.
a person drinks with their left hand
a person is sitting and reaches up for a second.
the person drinks from the bottle with his right hand
the person is drinking from a bottle with his right hand.
person opens drink and takes a sip
a headless stick figure with hands takes 4 steps and stops
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes three steps forward and stops.
a person uses their right hand to throw a ball then uses both hands to catch it.
a person throws with right hand and catches with both hands.
a person makes a throwing motion, and a catching motion.
a person walks in a circle to the right.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes eight steps in a counterclockwise motion and stops.
a person walks 3/4s of a clockwise circle.
a person crouches with legs cross and stands back up
a person crosses their left leg behind their right leg and then squats down once before standing back up.
person got down and curtsied.
a person takes seven steps forward while swinging their arms in a walking motion
a person walks forward casually while swinging their arms.
a person is walking very casually forward
a person walks forward two steps, and the takes two steps backwards.
a person step forward, places something with his right hand and then steps backward.
walking forward and then backwards.
the person is running crazily to the left.
a person springs forward, dodges back and forth, and then runs straight.
a figure runs erratically forward, then left.
a person is sitting and stands up.
a person brings his hand towards self, then swings backhand out, stands and walks left.
a person gets up from a seated position
a man stands casually with his arms to his sides than takes 4 slow steps backwards starting with his left and then stops.
a person standing and moves gently backwards with his back.
a person walks directly backwards with arms swinging very lightly.
a person bend the body
standing still then moving to the side.
a person is standing still and is pushed on their left shoulder.
person making a tennis forehand hit
person is playing tennis with someone.
a figure gestures in exasperation with their right hand
a person punches out in front of them alternating hands
person raises his right arm into the air and makes rapid jabbing motions upwards, before twisting to the right and making the same rapid jabbing motions into the air with his left hand.
moving hands up near face.
the person is standing still and then claps their hand
a person brings their arms to the center of their body and claps.
a person claps their hands.
a person is dancing and then jumps in place.
a figure dances and jumps excitedly
person is doing dance moves
a person raises their hands toward their face, then makes rapid jabbing motions with their right arm.
a man shadow boxes and throw punches with his right hand.
the person was holding stuff with his left hand and hitting it with his
a person takes two steps backwards.
a person takes a step backwards, right leg first.
a person takes one step backwards starting with their right foot.
a person lunges to their right and brings thier straightend left arm, supported by their right arm, across their body and extends it.
a person performs a stretch to the right
a man stretches his left arm while lunging to the right.
the person is playing the violin.
the sim appears be playing an instrument.
a person raises something in their left arm, and moves their right arm in a sawing motion
the person did a 360 jump in the air.
a person jumps in the air completes a full 360 rotation before coming back to the ground.
this person from a standing position jumps and turn in mid air.
with arms out to the sides a person walks forward
a person walks forward with their arms extended to the side.
a man raises his arms then walks across a room.
a person stands up on their toes and then walks forward.
a man walks forward on his toes.
the person walks forward on their tip toes.
a person walks while bending to the right
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a person walks to the right and stops.
a person takes a step forward, throws a kick into the air, and then returns to original position.
a person who seems to do a side front kick leading with their right leg
walk front and kick some one.
a person lifting up their right shoulder.
a person twists to the right
person looks as if they hurt their leg on something
a person raises both his arms and then lowers his left one while still holding the right one. then he raises his left hand again.
user has hands raised to the side, and then lets right arm fall only
someone is with arms outstretched, lowers the left arm for a while raises it and lowers both arms
the person was spinning around in place and jumped.
a person is spinning in circles with arms extended straight out.
the man is spinning around
a person swings their left to the right and then their right leg to the left.
a person kicks with their legs as if they were playing
a person appears to be kicking both the right and the left leg.
a person grabbed something and put it somehwere
a person uses the left hand to reach and get somehting then carefully places it back down.
the person is tilting something on its side.
a figure makes the motion of either digging with hands or swimming but seems to be standing upright
a person starts swimming in place.
person is doing freestyle swimming motion
a person walks forward, spins left, and walks back.
a person takes two steps forward, pivots on their left leg, turns left 180 degrees and walks forward two steps.
a person walks forward and then pivots on his left food and walks back the way he came.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person slowly walks forward five steps.
a person walks slowly forward from one side to the other.
a man leans forward with both hands outstretched in front of him as if he's picking something up, moves it to his right side, then back to his starting position again.
a person picks objects up in each of their hands, pours the left object into the right, and then sets them back down.
a person lifts a wide object, places it down rotated 90 degrees, then returns it to its original place.
person bends down and crawls along the floor before standing upright
a man crouches down and crawls forward on his hands and knees, turns and then steps back up.
the person was crawling across the floor.
a person does jumping jacks
a person does jumping jacks
a person does three jumping jacks
person makes motion of washing the body from head to torso.
a person waves their right hand, then raises it higher and continues to wave.
a person gestures with both hands in front of him.
a person start to dance with legs
a person does a funky line dance and then exits to their left.
the man is doing extra fancy charleston
the man side steps 2 to the left then sidesteps to the right then left back to where he began.
a person side steps to their left, then over to their right and finally back to their left
a person shuffles to the left, then shuffles to the right, and shuffles back to their original spot.
a person steps on their left foot and performs a high kick with their right leg, then steps back.
the person figure is relaxed, they walk diagonally to their right and later sit down in mid air (diagonally left) as admiring something.
figure appears to be kicking with right leg
a man crouching down reaches up with his left hand and then brings it down again
someone who sits and eats something with their left hand
the person is sitting down eating with his left hand.
stick man does fighting movements kicks in the air punches the air and stops
a person does karate by striking with their hands and kicking their legs.
a person kicks and punches in a manner consistant with martial arts.
person person is jumping straight up.
jumping up and down in place.
a man begins jumping and small little hops, then bigger hops, and brings his arms up slightly.
the person is turning on the shower with her left arm.
person picks something up with right then left hand then hovers right hand in front of body
the man is showering his left arm
a person throws something with its right hand, then catches something with both hands.
a person makes a throwing motion with their right arm, then makes a catching motion with both arms.
a person throws a baseball with their right hand then catches one that is tossed back to them.
the person is pouring some thing with his right hand.
this person is lifting items with his right hand.
a person checks something twice on top, checks something twice on the bottom, then touches something in the middle and turns and walks off.
a personnlfots their arms up and down then appears to type something.
person has arms up the touches something with right hand.
a person stands with arms stretched at shoulder height, lowers them, then uses the right hand to continually touch something in front of the body.
figure walks forward, turns right, and walks back toward the direction they came from.
the man walks forward and turns around to his right in a 180 degree fashion.
a person walks two steps forwards then swings their right foot out to turn to the right and walks back.
he steps out and to his right and zigzags from side to side as one would do in a roped queue or line.
a person walks forward a step, turns and walks right a couple of steps, then turns and walks left, right, and left again, a few steps each.
i person walks down a ramp in a back and forth, zig-zag type of path.
a person walks in a diagonal to their right, and then scratches their right shoulder.
a person greets somebody with a salute
the person is walking to greet someone.
raising hand to face then lowering it.
a person puts their right hand to their face and then lowers it.
someone puts their hand on their chin and looks left, then right.
person is walking in a small circular pattern
a person appears to be walking in circles while facing the same direction and swaying their arms the whole time.
the man staggers around in a counterclockwise circle.
a man quickly takes one step back.
person appears to be slightly pushed backward.
a person is pushed from the front, stumbles back, and regains his balance.
a person stands up while raising their arms.
moving arms up and down.
a person is squatting and stands up with both hands in the air.
a man stretches his hands to the left picks something and tilts to the right and then places it there.
a person picking up an object, tilting it to the side, placing it back.
a person moves something with both hands.
the person is rubbing his belly in a circle.
a person is standing still and move their left hand and elbow in a counter-clockwise motion.
a person makes a clockwise circle in front of themselves with their left hand.
this person walks up stairs.
a person grabs the railing with their right hand and walks up the stairs.
a person slowly walked upstairs
a person looks down to the ground, steps back with the left foot, and then right, squats to sit down.
a person takes a step back and assumes a sitting position, then stands back up.
a person stepping back, sitting down, then getting back up and walking forward
character enters the scene and starts to travel in a zig zag pattern avoiding certain terain.
a figure walks forward, zigzagging back and forth
the man is doing parkour
a person walks forward, turns around, sits down, stands up and continues walking.
a man walks forward, then turns and sits.
person quickly walks forward and then turns around 180 degrees to sit in a chair, then they stand up and walk forward
the man is doing push recovery stand
a person takes one step back with left leg, and then one step forward to original position
a person is pushed from the right and recovers back to the center.
a person standing up slowly steps backwards with both their left and right foot
a man walks backwards slowly with his arms at his side
person is walking backwards slowly
a person walking in a straight line at a steady pace.
person is walking straight ahead
the person walks down four steps
the sim appears to be to be "pump faking" a baseball, before throwing it.
the person moves their right hand back and forth several times before throwing an object.
the person was getting ready to do an upper right.
a person steps up onto an object, steps down, walks around the object and then steps up onto the object.
an individual turns and takes a large step on then off of some platform.
the person was walking upwards on an uneven terrain.
the person moved from lying down to a crouch.
a man gets up from a planking position into a squatting position.
a person lays on their stomach, then gets up into a squatted position
a man suddenly bends forward at his waist.
a person appears to be disappointed and sighs.
a person quickly juts their body forward.
a person slowly paces back and forth.
the person who’s walking diagonally to the right.
a person strolls back and forth in a room
a person walks forwards towards the camera and throws their arms up casually as if to say " oh well ".
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
the person is walk around telling a story.
a person throws with right hand.
person moving arm in up motion
a person stretches their right shoulder back and fourth.
a person with their hand pointing towards the ground is walking slowly across an area; their arms are only moving slightly almost as if just hanging there.
the person is walking forward at a medium speed.
a person, arms hanging by sides, takes four steps forward and then stops.
person steps forwards and reaches out with both hands to grab something, then raises both hands to mouth with the grabbed item.
person take a drink with two hands and drinks it
person takes a drink of something while holding the container with both hands
robot opened his right arm, start touching handrail and walking forward.
a person walks forward while having their right arm out to the side.
a person raises their right hand and walks forward.
a person walks forward from one side to the other.
this person is walking forward.
the person was standing still then walk slowly forward.
a person bends down towards the ground, bends knees, and rolls forward performing a summersault.
a person squats down and does a roll forward with their legs out.
the person bents down and does a flip on the ground and then gets up from the flip.
a person is boxing left and rigght
a person punches with right fist.
the person is boxing left to the right.
person doing the chicken dance by holding their hands to their armpit and flapping
a person is flapping his arms.
a person flaps their elbows.
a person stands and then leans to the right.
the person is leaning far to the right.
the figure is in a protective stance then moves its head to the side.
a person walks backward in a clockwise fashion crossing one foot over the other.
a person is walking in a square shape while crossing their feet
a man steps back with the left ,crossover with the right , steps to the side wth left, steps right with the right ,step back with the left ,step back to the right, repeat.
person stands still with arms bent forwards, as if gripping some handlebars.
a person is in a motorcycle pose
a person stands as if putting hands on handlebars.
a person picks an item up and moves it a foot to their right and places it down.
a person slightly reaches down to their left and picks up something with both hands, then places it back down again slightly to the right.
a person uses both hands to lift and move an object.
someone walks backwards from the bottom of the screen to the top.
a person takes four steps backwards and then stops.
a person takes several steps backwards.
a person jumps up once and stops
a person jumps softly, arms stiff.
someone jumps up and down in the same spot.
a person is using objects/furniture to help them walk in a straight line
a person is walking while holding a handrail at each side
a person is walking cautiously.
a person is standing with their legs far apart and begins squatting slightly on their left knee, then they bring their legs together into a normal standing position.
a person has their left leg bent resting on something with their right leg straight, rocking their body slowly using their bent leg.
the person is doing leg warm ups.
a person lifts their left wrist towards their face as if to look at a watch
a person raises its left hand to its chest.
a man stretches his left arm across his body.
a person stands still and then catches something with both hands.
the person picked up the box and was holding it.
the man is casting the box
a person waves both of their hands in the air.
the person is waving their arms.
a person waves both arms up in the air once before resting their arms to their side
a man walks forward slowly and clumsily
a person makes wide steps to the left and right.
person is stepping on stones walking forward.
the person is lifting something with both hands
a person lifts something and then sits it down.
a person lifts up something carefully with their two hands and then transfers it to their right side.
the sim runs down the plane before crouching down onto one knee.
a person runs then touches an object.
a person sprints forwards and then crouches
a man walks backwards keeping his legs wide apart
a person takes four steps backwards and quarter pivots to their right
this person walks back with large steps.
this person zig zags forward then stops to the right.
walking forward with legs wide apart.
the person is walking holding onto the table.
the figure walks forward using their left hand to guide them as its supported by a surface before they lift both their hands.
slowly walking forward as if balancing then holds arms out
person is holding a heavy object on their right shoulder and walking around
person is carrying heavy baggage on their shoulder.
a person walks around in a circle while holding something heavy on their shoulder.
a person breakdances by skipping backwards, then drops one one hand to the ground, pivots to his other hand and into a headstand, drops his feet back to the ground, then flips over, raises one hand up, then bounces off his other hand and onto his feet.
the person figure is happily break dancing, first by swaying his arms and body left and then dancing into a hand stand.
a person is doing breakdancing
the person is walking forward normally.
a standing person walks forward swinging both of their arms forward in front of them
person is walking on treadmill
a person scratches their head
he waves his hand then stops
person puts right hand on top of their head. appears to be confused
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks and stops.
the body creeps forward, walking.
a person steps down some stairs.
a man walking forward aggressively
a person stumbles forward, then regains their balance.
a person waves their arms over their heads.
waving hands in the air above head.
a man is waving both arms above his head 6 times.
a figure seems to balance on a beam or tightrope and wobbles to their right
a person balanced on something
a  person is standing on tiptoe with the right foot in front of the left foot and both feet turned slightly out, and leans twice to the right and back again in an attempt to keep his balance.
walking backwards and then stopping.
a person is walking backwards slowly.
a man steps backwards slowly.
a person is squatting and lifting their arms out to the side
person starts in t position, puts hands to side, then resumes t position
a gorilla stoops in its stance.
the man is doing floss dance
person is doing a dance
the figure person is happily doing the dance move called the "floss".
subject walks forward then turns around to walk the other direction then turns around and walks back to the initial spot and turns the his body to the right.
the person is walking back-and-forth.
a person walking forward and backward and later stood facing right.
person raises hand and runs in a circle.
the person is running around like a windmill.
a person is spinning around something with his arm.
a person in a seated position uses their elbows and forearms to raise up to a standing position.
a person places both hands on the arms of a chair, scoots body forward, and then leans forward and stands up placing both feet together in the end.
a person gets up from sitting.
a person crosses their wrists together making an x.
a person crosses their arm and then returns to resting position.
a person crosses their arms in front of their chest, then lowers their arms back to their sides.
the person put down a box and continue to walk.
a man bends over and sets sometimes down with both hands, then stands back up and starts walking forward.
s figure crouches, touches teh ground, stands, then walks forward
a person swings their arm backwards while stepping back
a person steps back with his right foot.
person backed up and moved his left arm.
a person walks  quickly to the right and then to the left and back to the center.
person turns to the right walks forward, turns around 180 degrees walks across the path, turns right 180 degress walks back to initial spot.
a person walks right and then turns around and walks back.
a person holding something up
the person is looking through binoculars.
a man raises his forearms to his face, then tilts his upper body left to right.
a person gets pushed to their right.
a person stumbles to the right
a standing person suddenly staggers to the left in a large sideways step, using their arms to steady their balance.
a figure sits down and sits back up
a person steps backwards and sits on a chair. then stands up and steps forward.
the person backed up and sat in a chair.
a person, while running quickly, bends down and picks something up.
a person runs forward while stumbling.
a person quickly runs forward and stoops to pick up an object before carrying it off.
a man swings his right arm behind him and then swings it forward and down toward the left, as if he is brushing something aside,
swinging arms up and down.
a man standing still straight up then throwing an object with the right arm towards the ground.
a person  walks in a circular counter clockwise direction
a person walks down and stands facing right.
a person walks, turnign to their right.
a person stretches their left arm up over their head while leaning to the right.
a man has his left arm raised and leans to his right in a stretching motion.
a person standing is leaning to the right, their right arm points downward, their left points up, the person straitens their stance as their arms are held overhead.
the man walks in a forward facing zig zag motion.
walking in a random pattern.
the person is walking back-and-forth in a wiggly line.
the person is walking forward.
a person is walking forward.
a person walks forward naturally
a person running on a spot
a person standing in the middle of the screen is jogging in place
person is running in place
man walks forwards and turns counter clockwise and walks back
a person walks forward, does a sharp turn around and walks back.
a person who was walking then did a swift turn to their left
a person stands up from a kneeling position using their right arm as support as they stand.
a person kneeling down stands up and steps backward.
a person kneeling on the floor gets up then takes a step backward.
the person is doing arm stretches in front of them.
a person stretches their arms and hands.
man moves both his arms to the top left and then to the top right
the person takes a few steps forward then walks in place .
a person is moving quickly but not running.
the person was walking forward swiftly.
a person runs diagonally to the left side and stops
a person dashes across a room in defense.
a person bends slightly at the knees and strafes forward at an angle with arms out to the side.
a person walks forward reaches down to pick up an item, then places the items back. walks back to starting place.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes several steps forward, bends over, picks something up, replaces it, stands up, turns 180 degrees and walks back to where he started.
a person walks forward, picks something up off the floor, and sets it upright before walking back.
person moves i a anticlockwise direction in a circle by sprinting
the person was running to the right and then to the left very quickly.
a person drives forward to the right and then curves to the left.
a person runs forward with a right curve
a person runs forward while turning to their right.
a person runs to the rleft
a person walks forward gingerly.
a standing person walks forward using their right foot first then followed by their left foot
the person is walking down a slope.
a person takes one step diagionally forward and left.
the man takes a sideways step to the left.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one big step to his left.
a person slowly walked forward
the person is walking forward very slowly.
this person walks very slowly forward.
the person is working normally.
a person walks in place
walking forward in place.
a person slowly walked forward and sat  on somethigna and walked backwards
the person starts walking, sits down and get up and walk again
a person briskly walking forward, turning around and sitting down, then getting back up to walk back
the man walks to the left
a man watakes several steps forward then arcs 45 degrees to the left and takes several more steps forward.
a person walks forward and then turns left, continuing to walk.
the person is running diagonally forward.
a person runs forward and then lowers to crouch position.
the figure sprints forward a short distance before crouching down and touching the ground with both hands.
a person lifting something over their head.
the person is lifting the dumbbell over his head.
a person working out by what it seems as 2 dumbells
person walks five steps forward, starting with the right foot, and veers slightly to left.
a person walks and then starts climbing the stairs.
a person walks forward while staggering.
someone lifts a weight-like object with their left hand.
a person did something with right hand and grabbed something left hand
a person lifts up their left arm once.
arms slightly curled go to left to right.
a person reaches for something on the left then moves it to the right.
a person picks something up, moves it to the right, and places it down.
a person stands and waves happily with their red hand.
the man waves goodbye to his friend
a person waves their hand
the sim is standing still before extending their right arm up.
this person lifts his right arm out front and points.
the person is setting up the subject for a picture.
a person raises up his wrist and looks at it (a watch maybe).
a person lifts their right wrist and turns their wrist toward their face and then lowers their wrist again.
a person raises their right hand and forearm, bent at the elbow, and turns their head toward it.
the person raised his arms out to the side of them put them down in front of him.
a figure flaps their arms.
a person lifts an object up with their left hand, examines it, and places it back down with their right.
a person walks forwards and turns around on their right foot
a man walks forward 2 steps, then turns, then walks 2 more steps.
a person walks forward, befor pivoting and walking back to where they started
a figure quickly walks forward.
a person angrily and quickly walks then abruptly stops with force.
a man walks to the opposite side of the room.
swinging arm down then standing still.
a person raises their arm and takes a small step forward
the person lowers his right arm and takes a step forward.
person appears to jog forward.
a person jogs/runs in place, or possibly on a treadmill?
a person is jogging in place.
person checks left wrist then outs it back to his sied
a person is feeling their belly
person is moving his arms in and out
a person holds a violin with his left and and plays it with his right hand then puts his hands down.
a person plays the violin with their right hand.
the figure looks like it using an invisible violin.
a person jogs in place.
a person jogs in place.
a person jogging in place moving arms
person has both arms lifted to side of body shoulder length then  bring arms to side and then bring both hands together chest height
person starts with arms stretched out at side and brings them down. he or she then lift hands in front to be close together and puts them down again.
the guy is standing with his arms out of the side and then put some down
a person holding their left arm rout in front of them and then putting it back at their side.
a person lifts left arm up
the left hand lifts up and back down.
a person was sitting on the knee, and grabbed something with left hand and lean to face
this person is sitting legs extended out front then stands and is shaking.
the sim is sitting down appearing to make a phone call with their left arm before standing up & pacing.
a person walks forward while lifting their hands awkwardly.
a person walks forward with a limp.
a person is walking very slowly forward and seems to be having trouble with bending both knees.
a person walked in left and right direction
the person is jogging back-and-forth.
a person begins standing at rest in the middle of a surface, lightly jogs to the end of the surface to his left, lightly jogs all the way to the other end of the surface to his right, then lightly jogs back to the middle of the surface and stops again.
a person walks forward and climbs up something on the right hand side.
person is crouching slightly with his arms held out to his side, before letting them fall down towards his knees, then, after a few seconds, raises his arms back to his sides again.
person is waiting there like in small circles.
starting with his right foot and shoulder forward, a person turns his torso clockwise, extends his left arm up and forward, and lowers his right hand down.
the person defends themself from the punch
person makes fighting block and gets into fighting stance
a person standing with little motion
a person stands still while arms sway a little
person is standing still as if they are pondering something
a person dances extremely erratically
a person does a modern pop  dance.
a person stands still, then hops and jumps around dancing with their feet
a man standing on a yoga mat.
a person takes three steps forward with his arms at his side
a man steps forward a few steps.
a man walks forwards in a straight line at a medium pace, whilst gently swinging his arms.
a person is walking in a straight line.
simply moving forward on the floor.
a person throwing a right punch
a man punches forward once.
the man standing forward a step forward while raising his hands and throws a right jab.
figure is standing, moving arms together as if opening something and rhen with its left arm brings it up to where its head would be as if it were to drink somthing from it.
a person raises their left arm above their head.
man wobbles back and forth then raises 1 arm.
a person kicks with their right leg hard, then turns around.
a person twists anticlockwise, then high kicks with his right leg
a person kicked with the left leg
a man remains still for a few seconds, before hopping backwards.
jump back side on the floor.
a person slowly jumps backward.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks up a few stairs and then walks straight and down steps
a stick figure that is blue and red looks as though he is walking down a flight of stairs
a person does a jumping jack
a person does many jumping jacks.
a figure does slow jumping jacks
person opens drawer and takes something out
he does a displace left to right
the person pick something up from the lab them turned it to the right.
person stands still for 7 seconds then takes step to the left
standing still and not moving
a person is pushed from the left and recovers balance in one step.
a person takes four steps forward.
walking forward in a straight line.
the man wakked forward  4 steps with his hands at his side.
a person dusting off their shoes on the ground
a person is kicking his feet, right then left then right again.
user is picking foot off the ground very slightly and kicking the ground rotating between right and left foot
a person stepping forward to bow.
a man walks forward four steps, bends his knees and spreads his arms wide, straightens his legs and brings his hands together, takes one step to the left, then exits to the right.
a person walks forward, curtseys, and then walks off to her right.
a person appears to be walking down the stairs then stops
a person walks straight down a hill.
the person was walking down a slope
the person is running forward.
a man is running forward
a person who is jogging with his hands by his sides takes three quick steps forward.
a person walks around in an "s" formation.
a person walks forward, turns and walks to the left, and then turns and walks back to the right.
walking in a random pattern.
a person throw something with right hand
person throws something intensively with his right hand and afterwards catches an object with both hands at the area of his mid body.
a person throws using his right hand, then catches using both hands towards his stomach
walking forward while jumping.
a person does a ballerina dance forward
the person is doing ballet leaps.
dancing while walking forward.
the man starts to walk left
the man stands and kicks out with his right leg and his right arm, turns around and walks backwards. much like dancing.
a person stretches with both arms out wide
someone stretches their arms above their head and lowers them down by their sides.
the man stretches very big.
the person walks and then started running.
a person sprinting to the right.
a person walks a couple steps forward and then starts running.
person is walking very slowly.
a person walks several steps forward.
a person walks forward and slightly to their left
a man standing still jumps.
a person jumps into the air.
a person jumps straight up into the air and then lands.
a person walks forward slowly after getting pushed slightly.
a peson walks forawrd and sways slightly
user walks forward and swivles slightly trying to stay in a line
a person walks forwards, leaning on something with their right hand.
the toon walks in a zig zag fashion, raises their arms before stopping.
walking forward while outstretching arms.
a person who is just standing in the same spot
a person standing still and looking around.
a person stands still and makes only two small movements, one with their right hand and one with their head.
a person grabs a small invisible object from his left and places it directly in front of them.
a person grabbed something and put it somehwere
person bends down lifting something with their hands and moving the object to the right before bringing their arms back in front of them.
the person walks forward and turns and walks back to their original position.
a person walks forward, pivots on his left foot, and then walks back.
coming front and turn back and wake on front.
person is doing a dance move.
a person jumps with their arms out to the sides, jumps again with their arms above their heads, jumps back to the starting position, then jumps into a quick squat and stands again.
a person puts their hands in the air while shaking the rest of their body.
a person lifts both arms to shoulder height and waves both arms by bending their elbows.
a person puts their arms up and down repeatedly.
this person moves both arms as if acting like a bird.
using both arms and calmly lifting and dropping from right to left.
the person pick something up from the left and set it down on the right.
a person picks up something off a knee-high table and moves it from the left to the right of the table.
the person is running crazily down the hill.
a man is running quickly
a person runs forwards very quickly.
a person jumped while raising the hands and repiting it
a person performs 3 jumping jacks in place.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides does three jumping jacks before coming to rest in his original position.
a person slowly walk backwards
a person is walking backwards at a steady pace.
the person is walking back third slowly.
a person grabbed something and hit with it something
a person standing with feet width apart face down looking at the ground hand on top of one another swinging arms back then forward with great force.
a person swings his hands together like they are swinging a golf club
a person runs forward with one leg crossing in front of the other repetitively before coming to a stop.
this person runs forward foot over foot.
a person starts running with their legs crossing
a person jumps up and down while moving hands up and down.
a person standing with his arms down by his sides jumps up and down in place.
the person is hopping in one spot while slightly moving their arms
person is jumping up and down
a person standing does three jumps, first a small jump, then a larger jump, then a larger jump
a person jumps three times in a row.
the person lifts up their left leg reaching for something and then puts it back on the ground.
a person steps to the right and punches their right arm in the air then steps to the left and punches their left arm in the air.
standing person with arms at chest height spreads legs and raises left arm to the sky, returns to original position, then spreads legs and raises right arm to the sky.
a person is standing still before walking diagonally.
the person is walking to the left
a person walks downward to the right side, then when halfway turns slightly more to the right side.
a person walking and then taking a right turn
a person walking in a line
a person takes five steps forward in a casual manner.
a person is jogging in place.
a person jogs in place by moving their legs up and down and arms up and down in front of them bent.
the sim is sort of jogging in place bring both arms up momentarily before resting them again at their side.
a man brings his arms up, crosses them, then returns to his original position
a person uses their left arm to scratch their right wrist.
a person crosses and uncrosses their arms.
a person spins and then stumples to get their balance after the spin.
the sim is running forward and does a spin move.
starting from the bottom left, a person walks a lazy almost full circle around the screen.
the man walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person walks in a counter-clockwise oval.
person walks forwards before turning left, walking in a half circle, before turning right and walking in another semi circle, before turning back forwards.
the person is walking around in a wiggly line.
a figure walks forward then turns and walks in nearly a figure eight
person walks forward and turned right.
a person steps forward twirls around to his right and steps backward.
a man takes a couple steps forward, then spins around, sweeping his right arm as he steps back to his original position.
the person is jogging in place.
a man jogs in place, moving his arms slightly, before stopping and going to a standing position.
person is running in place
a person walks over a beam
a person steps up onto a platform and walks across it at an angle.
a person standing up takes one step up, then walks forward slightly to the left.
a man steps forward, then brushes something at knee height with his right arm, then steps back and stretches his arms out to either side.
a person walks a few steps forward before bending slightly and wiping an invisible surface.
a man steps forward then uses right hand to move an object and then steps back again.
a person holds a very low squat position.
a person squats on the ground looking around
person is squatting and turns his head left and back forward
person is facing forward waving with their right hand.
person is waving to someone
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides raises his right arm up high, waves his hand, then returns his arm to his side.
a person walks slowly towards the right while slowly raising a hand and then walking backwards.
a person slowly walk forward, stops, and makes a gesture with their right hand implying "never mind"
person walks forward and raises right hand.
the sim appears to walk forward bend slightly grabbing an object with their left hand.
a person touches something with his left hand.
a person steps forward and leans over; they grab a cup with their left hand and empty it before putting it down and stepping back to their original position.
a person stretches their back right hamstring, this is a feeling that feels pleasant if done correctly
a person walks forward and bends over, placing his hand on a table for support while he moves his head around.
a person walking the left and then bending over to left on one leg.
a man walks forwards, curving to the left.
a person walks a path that bends to the left.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes four steps forward and to the left before stopping, then slightly turns his body to the left.
the person is standing with arms by their side
a person who is standing with his arms extended at shoulder height drops his hands to his knees and holds that position before raising his arms to his original position.
in there is a person stand behind it
a person is walking in a zig zag movement from left to right
a person stands in the back of the room before slowly walking forward and weaves to right, then the left, and then stops.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, angles two steps to to his left, then angles to his right as he continues to walk.
a man moves his right arm in front of him.
boxing right upwards  very slowly
a person punches upwards with the right hand.
a man gets up from a kneeling position and walks towards the right.
a person stumbles, then straightens up and continues walking.
person staggers up drags left and walks forward
a person raises his hands and claps.
a person slowly claps with both hands
the man clapping with his hands
the person left of the dumbbell over his head.
someone is lift weights above their head
a man raises a bar over his head two times.
a person sits down, picks up glass and takes a drink, sets glass back down and then stands up to walk away.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides steps backwards, sits down, lifts his phone to his ear, puts the phone down, stands up and steps forward.
the person sits down in a chair, and takes a sip of a drink.
person pick something up and put it on the
moving hands side to side.
a person picks up an items on its left then sits the item down on its right.
a person running in a line
running forward and then stopping.
a person runs quickly forward, but is getting ready to stop their momentum.
person moves left and right leg slowly then quickly moves them in a fast motion
a person bounces quickly between their feet and moves their arms in time with their feet.
a person vigorously runs in place.
a person is standing still, then crosses his arms, then goes back to normal
crossing arms while standing still.
a person folds their hands in front of their chest.
a person walks forward up four stairs while leaning on something with their right arm, turns around, and walks back down the stairs while leaning on the same thing with their left arm.
a person walks up the stair holdimg on with the right hand and walks down the stairs holding on with the left hand.
a person walks up stairs holding a rail with their right hand, then turns clockwise and walks down the stairs holding the rail with their left hand.
the man is making step over gaps
the figure steps with their right foot( red side) and then their left as the descend down what appears to be a couple of steps with arms swaying naturally by their side.
a person slowly walked forward
a person lifts something on their left and moves it to the right.
person was simulating to pick up a box.
a person moves something from the left to the right.
a person walks forward in a wavy line, stopping halfway.
the person walks forward slowly and then up some stairs.
a person gently walks forward and then wipes their shoes.
person seems to be driving
a person crouching down with his elbow sprain which is up with his right and then his left
person is in a wide squatting position and is raising one arm at a time over their head in a rhythmic way.
a person beginning to run in a straight line.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person jogs forward while kicking their feet back slightly with each stride
a person briskly walks in an anti clockwise direction.
a person walks in a quarter of a circle motion starting towards viewer and ends facing to the right of the screen.
person walks forward and makes a slight change of direction to their left.
a standing person crouches then rises.
a person is sitting on a chair, and then stands up fully without moving their arms.
the person stands up from a sitting position.
person takes six steps forward then stands still
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes several steps forward and stops.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person holds their hands near their head as if drinking something.
the person who’s drinking out of a bottle with the right hand.
a person unscrews a bottle then raises it to his mouth and drinks.
a person is stepping down stairs backwards.
a person is walking forward while kicking up their heels.
a person slowly walked backwards
a man slowly walks forward while stretching out his legs sideways.
a person walks while talking large steps to the side
a person slowly creeps down the path, while also bending their knees at one point.
a person bends their knees and jumps twice straight up into the air.
person jumping up and down
the man squats and jumps in the air twice.
a person punches with their right hand.
man throws a punch in front of him.
the person is getting ready to punch something.
a person walks diagonally forward.
a person takes 6 steps forward and slightly towards the left.
a person walks forward with confidence.
a person sprinting ahead, and then slowing down.
the person was running with a straight drive in the football in his hand.
running forward then stopping.
figure appears to be lifting up a paper and reading it
a man is picking up using his left hand and then turns to the side with left foot.
a man has picked up an object while bending down and kneeling on his right side
a person puts both arms down.
a person raised the bith hands and pull them down
someone has arms outstretched, then lowers them and freezes
the person bends forward with their arms in front of them. they stand back up. they hold an item up in both of their hands and thrust it forward
a person grabs something of the floor with both hands and puts it on a table in front of him
a person grabbed somethign and put it down
the person was pushed and recovered from falling.
a person slowly stepped forward
person steps forward one step.
moving hands to the side then towards chest.
a man grabs something with his left arm, and his right hand untwists the top, holds it out to his side, then returns to retwist it back on.
a person grabbed something with right hand and put it somewhere
a person walks forward with both arms raised high above their head.
a person walks forward while raising both hands in the air.
figure walks forward with hands raised in the air.
a person balances self on right leg.
a person puts their right foot back, and throws a ball with their right hand.
he has a trial upper right
a person uses both hands to grab something, then brings it to their mouth with their right hand, and grabs it again with both hands.
a person looks to their right and reaches out to grab something with their right hand. still holding the object in the right hand, they then appear to unscrew the object's lid with the left hand. following this, they raise the object to their head with the right hand, tilt their head back, and make a drinking motion. finally, they lower the object and proceed to put the lid back on it.
the person is putting his right hand to his face.
a person sways to swing their right foot followed by their left foot.
a person kicks thier right leg back and foward, then kicks thier left leg back and foward, and stands back straight
a person kicks something with his right leg, then his left leg, then stands.
the person uses their arms to warm up
the toon is tanding still raising both arms in a shaking motion.
a person is stretching their arms.
a person walks over to a chair, sits down with their legs extended and arms hanging down as if to lounge, then gets up takes a step and turns around.
the person was standing and then sat down and turned his back away from someone.
a person sits down and then stands up
person jogs on the spot quickly
a person briskly jogs forward.
a person jogs in place.
this person is doing swats several times.
doing squats at the gym
the person is doing squats up and down.
a person alternates standing on their right and left foot, while moving their hands together in front of them.
moving arms up near face.
a person rotates his hand while leaning from one side to the other.
a figure walks forward and to the left
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a person walks forward and to the side
the man hops 5 times on his left foot.
a person hops in place on his left leg
the person is hopping on his left leg.
a man steps backward towards the right side then steps forward towards the left side.
the person almost lost his balance but did not fall.
someone, facing forwards, walks two steps to their left before turning their left foot so they are facing sideways and walk forwards back to their initial position.
person raises both hands above the head, laces the fingers together, stretches upward and then puts arms back to the sides.
rising the hands and like tired.
a person stretches with their arms raised above their head.
a person walks slightly to the side, crouches slightly and pushes before walking back.
a man steps towards the right, pushes an object with both arms and then steps in the opposite direction.
a person steps left, pushes something forward then walks away.
someone walks forwards, then takes two steps back, then walks forwards again.
he does a push recovory
a figure walks forward sexily / like a woman
man reaches down slightly to his left picks something up tilts it to his right and then replaces it
the person pick something up and put it to the right.
a person grab something with both hands and tilts it to the side the returns it to in front of them.
a person is sitting down holding their hands together, then moves their hands to a different position.
a person ia holding their body weight in a squat position, then lifts their arms and simultaneously moves them back and forth, then returns them to a relaxed position.
a person with bend knees, possibly sitting, lifts up arms with bent elbows chest height and moves them side to side.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and takes a short hop forward.
jumping forward one time quickly.
a person stands and then jumps forward.
a person with his hands by his sides takes one step forward, then takes one step backwards, hesitates, then takes another step backwards.
a person takes a few small steps backward and forward.
a person walks forward few steps and walks backward few steps.
a person uses both hands to lift an object at waist height, moves it to the right, then puts it down.
someone picks up an object and moves it from left to right.
a person moving something from the left side to the right side
a person lazily gives a high five.
a person standing over a sink washing dishes.
a person is standing still, then raises their right hand.
the person squats down and picks something up off of the ground.
a person bends over and places a tee in the ground with their right hand.
a person reaches for something on the floor.
a man bends down to pick something up. he walks forward,  then picks something up again.
man squats then walked foward before squating again, he then turns around and walks back to where he was before, squating one last time.
a person picks something up, walks forward, sets it down, walks back and squats down.
person is walking in circular motion
the person is walking back-and-forth.
a person walks in a clockwise motion.
person bends down at the waist
the person is bowing very deeply
this person bows forward while standing in place.
a figure gestures rapidly with their left hand then sits
a person sits down, putting his weight on his right hand first.
person moves into a seated position
person picking a jar up from off the ground and putting it on a counter
a person gently grasps an object with both hands, and moves the object somewhat higher. person returns object gently to original location.
a person picks up an object and takes it to his right side, then puts it back again.
a person walks forward carefully, placing one foot in front of the other in a line, almost loses his balance, but recovers and keeps walking.
a person who is poised to walk takes an awkward step as he moves five steps forward.
person appears to try to keep their balance while walking forward.
a person squats then stands back up.
the person is doing a crunch down.
a person crouches down with their hands together
someone is stretching their arms up to the front and up on their side.
man brings hands forward then to the sides
a man has his arms stretched out in front of him. he drops his arms to his sides and then raises them up again horizontally. showing his wingspan.
a person walks forwards very slowly.
a person slowly walks forward
a person walks forward slowly.
a person moves their left hand in a counter-clockwise horizontal circle
a person uses their left hand to stir something.
the person was stirring with his left hand.
the man jumps to his left side as if he's dodging something
a man leaps sideways to his left, ending in a standing position.
a person koved in left direction
a person slowly walked forward in right and left direction and after return
a person drops their arms from shoulder height, walks to the right, turns, walks to the left, turns and walks back to their original location.
a person walks to his right and then to his left then back to his original position
a person is walking forward and slightly to the left.
a person walks, then stops
the person is upright while walking forward
person balances on left foot, winds up their arm like a throw, then simply walks forward on two feet.
a person catches a ball, winds up and throws the ball then stops standing sideways.
a person picks up a ball and then throws it.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward on all fours, then they turn around and crawl back again, then stand back up.
a man gets on the floor and crawls back and forth before standing up again.
a person gets on his hands and knees, crawls to his right, then to his left, and finally he stands up.
a person smacks the air with their left hand, and then throws both arms down in frustration.
someone drop something with my left hand, then raise both hands to the right side
a man lifts his left arm above his head in a throwing motion, and then moves them to the right in a catching motion.
punching the air while standing.
man puts left arm in the air and steps backward with left foot. then puts right arm in the air and steps backward with right foot.
a person punches with each hand.
the hands are held at the chest as the left foot kicks forward and back.
a person kicks with their right leg
a person starts to pitch but then stops.
the person is turning around looking at something
a person places their arms to their sides and slowly turns in place.
a person drops his hands to his side while turning a quarter turn to the left and then he continues to turn another quarter turn to the left.
a person bent forward is walking backwards.
a person bends forward at the waist while walking backwards.
a person walks backwards slowly, bent forwards.
a person walks forward swinging their arms.
person walks straight forward while swinging their arms
a person walks forward swinging both their arms.
the man stand opposite direction like a exericeses.
this person does a hand stand.
a person does a hand stand.
a person stands in place and then steps sideways to the left.
a person falls to the right
the person was pushed hard from the left.
a person puts their right arm straight out and moves it to the left, in front, and then to the right
the person is moving something from the right to the left.
a person extends their right arm and moved it horozonally in front of them
the person is jiggling on their toes with her hands up.
person is on tippy toes with hands up
as a person bounces repeatedly on their toes, they lift their hands to the sides and overhead, palms wide.
a person walks in place slowly.
walking forward in place slowly.
he does a normal walk
person jogs on the spot and turns to their right hand side
a person runs in place moving their arms and legs and partially turns counter clockwise
a person hops to his feet and waves his arms while turning to the right.
a person lifts weights above their head with both arms.
a person bends his arm then raises them above his head.
the sim appears to lift dumbbells with both hands, after first lifting with their left hand.
a man picks up a phone with his left hand and talks on it.
a person turns to their left, grabs a glass and takes a drink, then puts the glass back
a person turns to the left, picks up an object and holds it near their head, places the object down and turns to the right.
a person opens a bottle and drinks with their right hand.
a person drinks something with their right hand.
a person holds something with their right hand and raises it to their head
the person was walking in a counter clockwise circle.
walking in a circle pattern.
a person paces around in a complete circle.
a person walks slowly backwards
a person is walking backward.
person slowly walks backwards, his hands down by his side.
this person quickly raises both hands to face and lowers them.
a person bounces on his feet and raises both hands in front of his face
a man brings his arms up to head level in front of him and crouches slightly, before returning to a standing position.
a person stumbles backwards with left leg first
a person quickly takes a step back with their right foot first.
person takes a step backwards to the left side using right foot behind left.
a man steps forward, then turns to his right and climbs up onto something using his right hand for balance, stopping with both  hands held at hip level.
walking forward and then up stairs.
the person climbed up on an exercise machine dangling his legs.
the figure seems to be doing a warm-up routine
a person raises both hands up to their face then crosses them on their chest and then bends over to touch both hands to their knees onward to their feet and does the last part twice.
a man is singing to his kid, "head and shoulders, knees and toes."
the person is doing a quick punch kick.
person widely punches forward with their right arm while simultaneously kicking forward with their left leg before standing still
a person violently thrashes their right arm in the air, then their left arm while kicking with their left leg.
the person is placing some thing from the right onto the left.
a figure lifts something from waist height on the left and sets it down to the right
a person pick something up in front of them and lays it to the left.
the person is doing elbow warm-ups.
the man stretches his right arm in the air the the left one.
a person knocks with his right hand and then with his left hand.
a person pretends to be a chicken
a person does the chicken dance sequence, then repeats it a second time.
the person is doing the chicken dance.
a person with his arms out from his sides crouches, jumps up into the air, lands and stands up straight with his arms out from his sides.
jumping up and down in place.
a person does a small hop.
a person running straight down
a person runs frantically, their arms swinging wildly.
a person run fast across a room
the man is boxing upwards
waving arms around randomly.
a person boxes upward with the right hand.
move the both the hand and after hold the legs.
a person starts in a squat with arms outstretched, then lowers their hands to their thighs and stands still.
a person quickly drops his hands to rest on his upper thighs.
the person is holding his right arm up.
a person raised the right and left hand and warm them up
man stretching, maybe getting ready for an athletic event.
a person squats down and pushes up into a big jump several times.
a person does two full-bend deep-knee squat jumps.
a person jumping up and down.
a person walks forward without moving his arms.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person slowly walks forward along the ground.
a person throwed something with right hand
a man raises his right arm into the air and makes a throwing motion.
a person wipes the wall or a window with something in their hand
a figure walks forward slowly.
a person walking in a very slow pace
a person walks forward very slowly with no motion in their arms.
a person takes a few small, short, leisurely steps forward.
figure appears to be walking slowly
person walks in a straight line forward.
a person removes a sponge from a bucket and then washes a car prior to returning the sponge to the bucket.
a person holds onto an object with their left hand while washing it with their right hand.
a person picks up an object with their right hand and followed by their left hand. then uses their right hand in repating right to left motion trying to smooth out or hang the item on something.
a person dances and moves around with their hands in the air.
a person sways their arms while spinning and walking in a clockwise motion and then counter-clockwise motion, stopping at the original starting position.
flailing arms and legs randomly.
a person waves both hands above their head.
a person waives both hands above their head.
a person raises their arms and waves.
a person picks something up with their right hand, then touches something with their left hand. they make a brushing motion to their left using the object they picked up, then put it back down to their right.
a person picking something up and then rubbing it on their body
a person bends over and picks up two things
a man jabs the air repeatedly with his right hand.
a person stands and throws jabbing punches.
a person raised the both hands,and made some jesture
a person holds on to the handlebars while riding a motorcycle
a person stands with both arms held out in front of them.
a person is riding a motorcycle.
person slightly pushed forward and takes two steps forward.
a person takes several short, quick steps forward and stops.
a person appears to be pushed forward and stumbles.
a person reaches up to the right, then out to their side on the right, and then down below their hip on the right.
a man reaches his right arm out fully extended; first up and out, then out, then down.
a person lifts his right arm out high, out from body and lower.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes six steps forward, than angles to his right as he continues walking.
a person is casually walking straight and then pivots to their left.
a person walking then turns right
a man is leaning backwards alternating hands. he stands up and walks a few steps before leaning back again.
person is in reverse position on all fours
a person bends backwards, supported by their hands, raises the right arm, places it back down, then stands up right.
a man picks something up with his leftt hand and puts it down on his left s
walking forward and lowering hands.
a person walks forward 2 steps and leans forward with their right hand to grab something. they then fan their hand to the side of them to place it down and step backwards.
a person takes two quick steps backward.
a person standing still takes a step backwards
the person was pushed backwards.
he walked over a high object which was in his way.
a man walks forward swinging his left foot outward, then kicking his right foot back and continuing to walk.
a person walks forward, kicking his leg first to the left then to the right.
in a fighting stance, person punches downward with their left hand.
person is boxing with someone.
punching arms while standing still.
a person steps over something and then walks in a loop.
person is walking over something.
a person walks to the left in a wide angle before turning back around to the right to his original direction.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walking slowly is shoved from behind, but they quickly recover their composure.
the person was push but did not fall down.
a person dances energetically, throwing their arms up and stepping around with their feet.
a person wildly dances then shoves something forward.
a person dances frenetically to the right, then to the left.
a person standing takes a small jump.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees, jumps forward and comes to rest.
the person jump forward slightly
a person raises their hand up towards their head and then outs it back down
this person puts his right hand to his head.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
man raises his right arm to the level of his chest, then sweeps his extended arm from right to left.
the man lifts his right arm in front of him and then moves it to the left.
the person picked up some thing and put it on his left side.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person bends to the right
the person is walking towards the right.
a person lunges forward with his right hand extended
a person throws their body forward and then to the side in an expressive way
the person throws the ball then catches it
the person is walking in a straigjt line
a figure walks forward slowly and a little sloppily, with shoulders drooping and arms swinging
a person slowly walked forward
a person stretches their right arm then their left.
a person raised the rigth ahnd and starts to warm up it
a person begins in a t-pose, before reaching their right hand upwards and left down, they then swap to left arm up and right down
a person walks to the right with their arms swinging up and down.
a person walks in a semi-circle and then retraces their steps.
the person is walking around.
a person quickly walks forward.
person takes five steps forward
the person is walking very fast,
the person is doing a right arm upper body stretch.
figure appears to be stretching
the man laced his fingers together and raised them above his head.
a person jogs in place using tiny steps.
person jogs in place for a short period of time.
a person standing with his arms at this sides jogs in place and then stops.
a person steps off a platform to the left, left first first, while facing forward.
the person stepped over the clean spots.
a person takes a step forward with their left leg, appearing to take a step down.
this person stands still and moves his left arm up slightly.
a standing person brings their right hand up to their mouth as if stifling a yawn, then lifts their left hand to their mouth as if they are holding a bottle or beverage and taking a drink.
a person raises their left hand over their head then drops it.
a man walks forward places his hand on a stair rail then walks up the stairs.
the person was walking up the stairs
a person takes a few steps up stairs slowly whilst leaning on a rail on their right
a person raised and showed some jesture
a person appears to be lifting weights
a person repeatedly lifts something in front of their head with both arms.
a person raises their arms to the side then makes medium sized circle motions in front of them
someone stands up from the ground and walks in a clockwise direction
a person stands and lifts both arms out to the sides, drops them back to his sides and then lifts them up to the front and draws cirlces going in opposite directions. drops his arms back down and then lifts them to the side again
a person waves with their right hand
person is looking at someone with their right hand.
a person is waving with his right hand.
a person side skips back and forth then walks.
a person shuffles right, shuffles left, shuffles right, and then walks to the left.
a person strides back and forth from their right to left side, walking back on the final stride to their starting position.
a person begins walking with their left foot, takes a couple of steps, turns towards the left and takes a couple more steps and stands still.
a person walks towards the left side..
person walks forward and to the left
the person was running to head of all the cut down on his knees.
a person running to the right at a 45 degree angle, sliding on the right foot while forward of the left foot. back up and repeat the same slide two more times.
person is practicing tennis moves
a man runs in almost a zig zag looking pattern
person runs forward and to their left.
a person who is running takes one step forward and three steps to his left and then stops.
a man runs quickly forward.
the individual springs in a cross hatch manner covering four to five steps.
a person runs forward, hesitates for a moment and then continues forward.
a person is doing stretches
a person is standing on something, and they bend as they put more weight on their elevated right leg.
a person leans backwards at an angle, straightening their left leg, and bending their right leg.
person moves forward and lifts right leg knee height and balances
a person takes three steps forward and then lifts their right foot up onto an object.
a person walks forward with his left foot first, steps in something with his right foot and lifts it into the air.
he turns left then stops
a person is walking forward then turns to the left and stops
a man walks forwards while turning slightly to the left.
person puts left hand up then puts it down.
a standing figure raises an arm midway and outward and looks toward his wrist.
a person lifts their left arm in front of them.
a person stand up from the knee
using their right arm for balance, the person gets up from off their knees
a man is on his knees with his arms stretched out to either side, before he pushes himself up to his feet using his left hand.
person is walking backwards at medium pace
a person walks straight backwards.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
person is performing golf motion
a standing person clasps her hands together in a golf grip, leans over, and makes a putting motion, swinging from her right to her left.
moving hands side to side.
a person is walking across an area at a steady but somewhat slow pace; they take about 5 steps and have minimal arm movement.
a person walks forward slowly.
the man walks forward 5 steps.
a person jumps and spins in the air.
a person jumps and twist 360 degrees.
a person jumps and turns a complete circle.
a person widens their stance and then stretches their arms out upwards.
a person takes a step to their right, then raises their arms and stretches.
a person raises their hands above their head in a starfish position.
the person jump forward one step.
a person makes a small squat and then jumps a short distance in front of themselves.
a figure crouches slightly then jumps forward.
a person raised his left hand and made the jesture with it
the left hand goes up towards the shoulder then waves the hand back and forth.
a person raises their left hand and waves.
a person has both arms in the air and drops them.
the sim has both hands extended upward before bring them down in a "bow" like fashion, eventually leaving their right hand in front of the left.
a person flexes down his right arm, pointing out the shoulder.
the person cut down on their knees and was crawling.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, steps back, gets down on his hands and knees, crawls forward, stands up, backs up and resumes his original position.
the man crawls forwards before jumping back up into a standing position.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
a man scratches his head.
a person rubs the top of their head with their left hand.
person carefully walks backwards while balancing.
a person lifted their right leg up and then walked backwards. they are losing their balance and swinging their arms while walking back.
a person walks carefully backwards.
the man is stirring in a circular motion with his left hand.
a man crosses midline with his left arm.
a man lifts his left hand and makes a single horizontal circle at chest right, then returns his arm to his side.
a person holds their hands in front of their face and looks around
a person holds an object in their hands, brings it to eye level, and turns left and right.
a person bring both hands to face height and looks left then right.
a person waving both arms in front of him as if to motion no or stop
a person raises both hands and waves them as if to signal to someone else where they are.
a person raises both arms and waves arms left and right then lowers arms in front of them
a man walks forward with his hands down stiffly at his sides.
person casually walks in forward motion
the man takes 4 steps forward starting with his right foot.
a figure boxes right to punch twice.
a person performing a right handed uppercut
a person moves his hands into a boxing position.
a person walks up some stairs, reaching out for the handrail to pull themselves up the stairs.
a person is holding something with right arm, and is going up the stairs
walking forward up stairs.
a person stands with their elbows up.
a person stands still with both arms bent outstretched in front.
the person is riding the motorcycle.
a person bends its knees up and down, while their arms are in a w shape.
a man squats halfway down with his hands beside him at shoulder height, then squats again slightly lower.
a person with their hands in the air at shoulder height moves their left leg slightly forward and then squats twice.
the person walks forward and is wiping something.
the person walks than uses his right hand to wipe something
person lowers arms from shoulder height then stirs something with right hand bent over
a person steps forward then stop to take a step backward before continuing to walk forward
this person walks forward and back.
a person takes two steps forward, one step backwards, three steps forward and stops.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person walks directly forwards on the ground.
a person takes five steps forward.
walking forward than picking something up and walking back
the person is lifting something heavy.
a person walks forward and bends over.
this person jumps up and down on his left leg.
a person stands normally then begins hops on their left foot while their right foot is elevated then stops and stands normally.
a person hops on their left foot.
the person is walking lifting their legs up in a wiggly  line.
person walks in a zig-zag direction, first right, then left, then right again.
the person walks in a curvy formation
a person fakes a handoff with a football and then proceeds to throw it.
a person assumes a baseball-like throwing action towards the left side of their body, they then stumble in that direction before taking a step towards from where they started.
a person throws an object and takes several steps in a counterclockwise curve.
a person who is standing with his arms down by his sides raises his hands shoulder high, looks slightly to the left, turns his body to the right and drops his hands to his sides and faces forward.
a man raises their arms swings left then swings right, then back to the middle.
the person is taking a photograph of some thing.
the sim appears to be jogging in place.
a person is running in place and stops.
a person bounces up and down on each leg while moving arms slightly up and down at the same time.
a person swings both arms, like hitting a golf ball.
a person demonstrates the general motions of a golfer as he or she tees up and drives the golf ball down the green.
swinging a golf club.
a person claps a round of applause
person is focusing a camera to take a picture of something.
a person claps in front of their body.
a person is taking wide steps back and forth.
a person slowly walked forward and walked back and after returned
a person paces back and forth
the person is walking and turned left.
the person walks forward then turns around and walks.
a person standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps, turns 180 degrees and takes two more steps.
a figure throws with their right hand then catches
a person throws something with their right hand.
person is playing catch with someone
a person steps forward briskly, then climbs some stairs, stopping in a standing position.
a person walking forward and walking up steps
a person walking up a flight of stairs.
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something with hands
a person pantomimes like he is touching spots on a wall.
the person is pretending they are in mime
a person walks forward a quarter of a circle counterclockwise.
a person walks from the right side of the room to the left.
the person was walking forward to the left.
a person walks in a small circle, then starts to take a step backwards.
a person walks counter clockwise in a oval-like shape, before taking a slight step backward.
stickman walking in a counterclockwise circle, while flicking the right arm then the left arm.
a person walks four steps forward.
a person standing, walks forward, stops, stands in place.
this person is slowly walking forward.
the sim walks forward making a bit of a zig zag shape.
a person walks forward, shuffles to the right, the walks to the left.
walking forward and having a stumble to the left
a person is pushed to the left while walking forward
a person is attempting to walk staright and is suddenly pushed out of the path. they recover and continue to walk.
a person recovers from being pushed while walking,.
the person is wiping with their left arm. while holding the right arm straight out.
a person lowers their left arm from an upright position; they do the same for their right arm before abruptly returning to that upright position.
someone starts with arms straight then lowers right arm. stays like that for a bit only to lower their left arm as well. then they lift both arms straight and keep it like that.
a person runs into a walk
this person jogs forward then stops.
a person jogs forward, then comes to a standing position.
a person is boxing, jabbing mostly with his right hand.
a person bouncing around while throwing jabs and upper cuts.
a person is slightly jumping while alternating left and right jabs.
a man kicks the air in front of him, holding his arms up to guard his face.
a person raises both arms towards their face and pushes one leg up and out.
a person raises their arms above their head kicks with their left leg.
a person stands still and rubs their hands together in front of their chest.
a person who is standing in one place begins rubbing their hands together momentarilly and then returns their hands to their sides.
a person brings both their left and right hand to the center of their body and claps their hands, then returns their hands to the sides of their body.
moving arms side to side slowly.
a person moves an object from left to right.
a person moves their arms from their left to the right.
a man brings both hands up towards his face and shift slightly to the right and back.
a person puts both of their arms and hands in front of their face and rotates slightly to the left and right.
a person lifts up their hands to their face, looks to their right, then puts their hands down.
the right hand is thrown fast forward as the left foot takes a step forward.
someone throwing something fairly hard
a person throwing something with lots of force.
a person moves backwards and sits in a chair.
a person backs up diagonally and sits down and then stands back up to his original position.
a person sits with some arm rests higher than its motion's center.
the man is sloping down
a person walks forward several steps and stops.
a person steps forward on his right foot and continues to walk toward something then stops.
a person quickly walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
the person bends to the left while walking forward
this person walks from right to left and stops.
a person puts his hands together then puts them down again
a person raises their arms in front of them at shoulder hight with elbows to the sides.
a person is standing, raises his hands and lowers them again
jump on the floor on the front.
person is jumping up and down.
a person jumps several times, but the last time doesn't raise his feet off of the ground.
walking forward and picking something up.
a person walks forward slightly then with its right hand it reaches for something to the left.
a person walks forward, picks up something then walks backward.
the  person is calling with his left hand.
a person appears to be driving and raises their left hand to their head.
someone is sitting in a chair waving his hands and patting his legs with his hands.
the person was doing a warm-up with his arms pulling his elbow back.
the man warms up his shoulders with arms out and flapping them back.
a person stretches by opening their arms and pressing their shoulders back.
person has arms out before lowering and running quickly on the spot
a person drops their arms from should height and jogs in place.
a person has his arms extended, brings them down and jogs on the spot before standing still
a person kicked with right leg
kicking foot with arms towards chest.
a person holds both hands up in front of his face, and then kicks with his right leg.
a person walks in a complete circle
the person who’s walking in a clockwise circle.
man stressed out and pacing.
the person put his hands on his knees.
a person raised the hands and pul it down
a person lowers their arms, and then moves them back up to shoulder height.
a person jumps in place.
the person is jumping up and down.
a man jumps up once with arms at his side
a person leans backward and lifts their right hand to their mouth.
a person raises his right hand to his mouth and shifts weight to right foot.
the person put his hand up to his mouth like he was calling for someone.
a person walks down a set of stairs.
a person walks down stairs.
a person carefully walks forward.
person raises right hand in a slow forward gesture
a person reaches up and grabs something.
the person for the book off the shelf.
the person leans forward and does a scooping motion with their arm and hand and turning to the right. the arm is then shot up straight and then they do the scooping motion again. the hand extends straight and then up to the sky.
a man reaches forward with his right arm in a scooping motion and then lifts it over his head, twice.
a person uses their right arm to throw something, and then catch something, repeating the actions twice.
a person waving hands to the crowd holding microphone on his other hand, while moving back and forth
a person is waiving around with their right arm while holding something up to their face with their left arm.
a man holds his left hand at head level and waves big with his right hand.
a person walks slowly forward
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person walks forward on a straight path.
the person is standing still and then takes a step forward to the right diagonally
person is side stepping to the right
a person takes a step to the right.
a person jumps forward with both legs together.
a person jumps into the air.
a person jumps on the spot.
a person reaches down akd to their right to pick up an object. they then use that object and place it back where they picked it up from.
bending down then moving hand out.
the person is taking a shower.
a person balances one foot in front of the other and walks forward.
the person is walking over a balance beam.
this person walks very slowly forward as if to be careful.
a person jogs forward.
a person was running forward
a person runs forward diagonally
a person walks forward and then turn around and sits down. they then get back up and walk back towards where the started
a person walks forward, turns around and sits, and then gets up and walks.
a person walks forward and sits down, then stands back up to walk back.
a person lifts both hands toward their face, and tilts their upper body backwards.
the person is holding something and putting it to its face.
a person is using both hands to drink seomthing.
a man wiggles his arms in front of him.
a person shakes their upper body.
a person shaking their shoulders and arms.
a person jumps forward once.
a person does a forward jump.
a person jumps forward once.
the man is moving his arm like he is playing tennis
a person raises their right arm up and swings it forward to hit something.
a person steps forward with the left leg. this person proceeds to slap using the right hand, and then moves back into original starting position.
a man walks foward, turns to the left in a c -shape and  then stops.
a person walks forward, stops, and then begins to turn around.
a man walking forward and turns left
stick figure starts running in place
the person is jogging in place.
a person runs in place to warm up for an activity.
a person jogs forward then walks after a couple steps
a person ran forward while jumped
a person runs forward, jumps over an object, and then walks forward.
figure backing up and taking a big swing with his left hand.
a person uses their right hand to smack someone.
the person is playing tennis with his forearm.
a man confidently strides across the room with a lumbering gait
a person is walking with large steps while swinging his arms.
a person takes big steps forwards and swings his arms
a person walks around in a counter clockwise direction.
the person is walking in a circle
a person walks in a circular motion but does not complete a full circle.
a person picks up a horizontal object from their front left side with both hands, and moves it to the front right side.
a person picks something up with both hands, moves it and puts it down to their right
a person who moved something from their left to right
person is walking and almost falling over
the person was pushed while walking on the balance beam.
a person walks forward while loosing their balance.
a person holds onto a counter or railing as they walk across the room.
a person walks while touching something with both hands.
somebody is walking, and using the hand rail.
a person walking forward.
a person slowly walked forward
a person who is walking with his hands by his sides continues to walk forward in almost a straight line.
the person is stirring with the right hand.
right hand touching the stomach.
he stirs to his right
person has one hand above head and one below keeps still
he drinks cup with right hand
a man stands and lifts his left arm up and starts to bring his right hand to his waist.
a person holds something in both hands and throws it with right hand.
a man squeezes an object then throws the object.
a person standing on both feet lifts up their right leg and swings their left arm upwards with a throwing motion twice before lowering right foot back to ground.
a person walks backwards and sat on something and later tries to get up.
a person sits down and stands back up.
a person steps back and bends at the knees and leans back.
a person turns right while walking.
a person walks to the right, making a half circle.
a person walks in a circular clockwise path
a man marches and sidesteps back and forth in multiple directions.
the man meanders around in circles.
a person is walking around.
a person walking in a straight line
a person purposefully walks forward
walking forward and then stopping.
the person play some thing from the left to the right
bending down and movng arms side to side.
this person lifts something on the left and sets it down on the right.
a man is moving forward and makes a motion of climbing up steps.
a person who seems to be walking up the stairs
a person walks forward and then walks up stairs.
a person moves an object from their left to their right side.
moving hands from side to side.
the person moves the box from the left to the right side
a person made a micro move to bent the knee
a person is crouched down
this person is sitting without movement.
a person walks backwards a few steps
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person walks several steps backwards.
this person is seated as if playing the drums.
a person eats with left hand.
a person sitting eats with their left hand.
a person rotates their arm in and out.
person covers stomach with left hand
a person rotates their left arm at the elbow in towards their stomach and out towards the left
a person walks two steps forward, pivots on his right leg until he has completed a half turn, and walks two steps back to where he started from.
a person quickly walks forwards a step, quickly turns around, and quickly walks back
a person walks forward two steps, pivots on her right foot, walks back two steps and stops.
a person crossed their arms & motioned as if they were cold.
a mother hugging a baby in her arms
the person is standing with his arms crossed.
a person completes two small jumps while swaying his arms.
jumping up and down in place twice.
a person jumps in the air twice.
a person walks to the right, turns around, then walks to the right.
a person walks around the room and stops.
a person walks in a diagonal oval path.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
the person was walking and a medium speed.
a person walks forward and stops.
this person waves with his left hand.
a person waves with left hand.
a person raises their left hand, waves then takes a step forward
a person who walks and take a left turn
a person walks forward slightly then turns to the right as they continue to walk.
a standing figure with head slightly downcast begins walking, making an arching left turn.
a person slowly walked forward and in left direction
someone walks to the left side and stops
walking forward in a diagonal line.
someone is walking and turn left
walking forward in a diagonal line.
someone puts their hands on something in the order left-right-top-bottom.
a person stands with both arms out at shoulder height, lowers them, then uses the left hand to continually touch something in front of the body.
a person raised the hands and after raised the left hand
person walking in an s shape
a person slowly walks forward in a zig zag pattern
a figure walks in a zig zag pattern
a person hops to the right two times then hops to the left.
a person who first performed a 90 degree clockwise jumping spin the a 180 degree spin and then a 360 spin
the person is jumping in a circle while turning their body.
person holds something in their hands and tilts that to the right then tilts it back to normal.
a figure lifts something heavy then seems to pour it
a person lifts something up, pours it out, and sets it back down.
a person stands up from laying on their stomach.
a figure begins on all fours then climbs to a standing position
a person stands up from a position on their hands and knees.
person is performing dance moves
the person took a sideways step and did a piroiette.
the person spins while practicing a ballet routine
the person claps their hands while standing up
a person claps their hands.
clapping hands near the chest.
the person lifts both hands, no higher than their waste, from left to right
person bends over slightly and puts something down
an object is moved from left to right.
the person bends their left arm as if they are trying to check something on their waist.
a person checks their watch for the time
a person who held their torso with their left arm after being in a t pose
the person is squatting down to pose.
a person sits down slowly on their left leg.
the man is sitting down
a person bends their knees, jumps up a little, before doing that jump a second time.
a person jumps up vertically twice.
a person jumps from standing into the air twice.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle, before stopping.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
the sim is walking in a circle shape, counter clockwise.
a man stands in place, then spreads his arms out and in, appearing to be a ballerina of some sort
a person standinh in spot squats as if they are doing a plié in ballet.
someone seems to be doing dance exercise
the person is turning their steering wheel.
a person is squatting, they appear to be cleaning something
a person in a sitting position rocks from side to side and uses their hands in a repetitive slight circular motion.
a person jogs at a normal pace.
a person does a normal jog.
a person is jogging at an even pace.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four quick steps forward and stops.
a person fastly walked forward
person runs forward a few steps.
a person walks forward and then lowers to crouch position.
a man walks forward and then kneels down.
the person walks in a straight line, goes on one knee and crouches down.
a person walks backwards in a crouched position.
a person crouched over and walking backwards
a person walks backwards slowly.
this person sits as if to play a drum.
a person goes from standing to sitting in a chair
a person sits down, shivering.
a person takes a large hop forward with both legs.
a person bends at the knees and pushes off the ground, moving through the air and landing a few feet from where they once were.
a person jumping up and forward
a person jumps forward with the left foot, moves the right foot in front of the left foot, and then moves both feet back to standing position.
a person hit something with left hand
a person is standing, then quickly take a step forward and to the left, while making a small kicking motion with their right leg.
someone crawling forward then getting up and walking back to their original spot
person gets on ground and starts crawling to the right. person then gets up and dusts off hands.
the person is crawling in their hands and knees.
a man walks forward with his hands down at his sides.
a person takes a few steps forward and stops.
person walks forward at medium pace
person walking on unstable structure trying to maintain balance
the man is walking with his arms balanced
a man walks forward slowly with arms outstretched as if on a tightrope.
a person shifts their weight from foot to foot and shakes their hands.
a figure does the chacha goes ahead to do the mambo.
a woman rubs her hands together as she lifts each heal separately multiple times.
user puts both hands together and pulls them back above head and then back down again
a person swings at something on the ground as if they were holding a golf club.
a person swings a driver golf club from right to left.
a person puts his right hand to his head.
a person sidesteps to their left and places their right hand on their head.
a person covers his eyes as he looks up at the sun.
a person walks forward and to the right.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
person bends body and walks clockwise half circle
walking forward then crouching then running.
a person walks forward triumphantly, then gets scared and turns around and runs away with a goofy, dramatic attitude.
the man is walking forward
a oersin grabbed something with left hand, and did something with right hand
a person picks up something to their left with their right hand, then something to their right with their left hand and bangs the two objects together, finally putting the items back.
the sim reaches to their right and left, grabbing an object and appearing to clean it.
the man is pushing his left
this person stands still then stumbles right.
the person is pushing with his left arm.
a person walks forwards tentatively through either slippery or muddy ground.
a person walks forward, across an object, and then steps down.
a man walks forward while stepping over several items.
walks front with body leaned forward.
a person is continually walking forward.
person is walking straight forward and a moderate pace
a person walks confidently forward
a person walks forward while bearing to the right and swaying.
a person stands still for several seconds, before walking forward slowly and ending in a standing position.
the person was doing a warm-up with his wrists.
a person who seems to warm up or stretch the hand joints
a man has his hands together near his head, and he shakes them in front of his face as he turns slightly to his left and right.
the person nearly stumbles while walking
person walks straight, stumbles to the left, regains balance
a man walks forward, trips to the right and then comes back to the center.
a person sits on a stool of some sort and brushes off their legs.
walking forward and then sitting with arms out.
a person steps to the right then sits down.
a person starts in a standing position then walks backwards.
a person walks backwards, moving behind themselves while facing forward.
a person walks forward as  blue line follows their stride.
a person running to pick something up.
a person runs forward and lifts a large object from the ground and carries it onward.
a person running, bends down picks something up and keeps running forward.
a person who has his hands down by his sides steadily takes six steps forward.
the person walks slowly across the area.
the person was walking and stepped over something.
the person is walking forward slowly.
figure walks forward, turns around and walks back
person walks forward eight steps then turns around and walks back
a person stretches arms and walks while touching wall.
a man walks forwards while holding a handrail.
the person holds on to the handrail while walking
a standing person with both their arms in front of them pushes back with their left foot and walking slowly with their right foot
a person moving closer to something or someone in a ready to fight stance
a man has both arms raised straight with his hands covering his face. and moves forward.
person is running straight ahead
a person jogs forward several steps, hands drawn in to their sides.
a person bends his arms and runs forward.
a person takes a large step forward.
a person takes a step forward
a person steps forward once.
person walks forward while turning 90 degrees to the right
a person, facing us, right foot first, walks in clockwise quarter circle
a man steps forward then arcs 45 degrees to the left and steps forward
a person walking straight forward and to the right.
a man walks forward at a casual pace, turning to his right halfway through.
person walks forward before then walking diagionally
a person walks forward after appearing to lift something with their right hand and swinging their right arm slightly whilst walking.
a person reaches over picks something up with left hand abd walks away.
the person was lifting a bunch of weights.
the person picks something up with his left hand, pulls something towards him with his right hand, wipes it off, and puts it down in his left hand.
a person picks up two objects, wipes the left object with the right, and then sets them both back down.
the person is in the shower using his right arm.
a person is jumping on their right foot and then lunging forward.
hopping up and down on one foot.
a person hops around and raises his arms.
a person raises their right arm to the left, then to the middle.
a person reaches their right hand straight out to the right, then directly out in front of them.
a man picks up an object with his right hand and places it in front of him.
the person is walking forward turning left.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
the man take 4 steps in a curve to the right.
person bends knees then slightly jumps into the air.
a person jumps in place once.
a person jumps once in the air.
a person takes two steps back while throwing something with right their right hand.
takes an object with right side and throws it taking a slight step back with left foot.
the person moves their right hand in a throwing motion.
the person was doing a warm-up with his wrist.
a standing person moves to their right and claps arms.
a person rubbing their hands to get their hands warm
man does jumping jacks while standing in place.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person doing jumping jacks
walking from side to side.
the person was pushed to the left and then move back to the right.
figure quickly side steps to the right, slowly side steps to the left
the person is pacing back-and-forth.
person walks to their right then left then slightly right and stands still
a man walks from left to right with his hands loosely at his side.
moving hands from side to side above head.
a person puts his arms up and extends them outwards then puts them back down again
trying out my range of motion
a man raises his right hand to cover his mouth
a person raised the right hand and lean near to face
a person brings their right hand to their face and then drops it.
man stands with hands directed to both sides, he puts his left hand on the knee, then straightens it again
a man lowers his left arm then raises it again.
someone starts with their arms outstretched to the side, then lets their left arm fall and brings it back up.
a person raises their hands and claps.
a person is clapping their hands.
person is engaged in clapping
the person looks as if they are strumming a guitar
stick figure stood still moving his arms in a strumming motion
a person lifts their arms to to strum an imaginary guitar.
a person throwing punches with both arms.
a person slowly punches with their left hand and then slowly punches with their right hand
a figure calmly boxes left to right.
a man walks forward using his right leg, then left leg, and so on.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides walks forward seven paces and stops.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person takes two steps then stops.
the person was walking forward.
a person is seen to be power walking
the person is boxing with his right arm.
this person is doing an exercise motion. they are crossing their arms across their chest to the top. this is a back and chest workout
a person raises their right hand up diagonally and then they raise their left hand up diagonally.
person side steps to their left, bends down and proceeds to crawl forward a few paces and then stands up again.
a person gets down on the ground and crawls around then gets back up.
the person backed up and go down on his knees and his crawling to the right.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person is walking forward at a steady pace.
a person walks forward in a straight line
a person walks forward with exaggerated backward kicks with every step.
a man walks forward three steps then gently leaps two steps
the person walks forward while kicking their legs back.
a person squatting lifting both hands, left and right twice slowly.
while standing with bent knees, a person extends his arms out from his sides and then downward several times.
a person remains seated the entire time.
a man jumps on the spot three times.
a man jumps up and down with arms stiffly at his sides.
a person jumps three times on the spot.
walking in a diagonal line.
a person facing forward begins walking and slowly curves to the left - stopping unsure of next move.
a person walks briskly across a room
a man lifts his right hand up and repeatedly hits something.
a person puts both hands together and his right hand to his face.
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it with their right hand.
a man walks forwards, then backwards quickly, and then walks forwards again.
the person takes 4 steps forward 3 step back quickley. then walks forward 5 more steps.
the person walks forward in a zigzag, steps back, and continues walking forward in a zigzag.
a person punches the air with their left hand and then their right hand
a person does a slow left hook with their left arm, then with their right arm
a person swaying side to side jabs forward with their left arm and then their right arm
the person is riding a motorcycle.
a person raised hands while bend on the knee
a man stands with legs apart and slightly bent, as his arms are bent in front of him at shoulder height.
this person is dancing just like michael jackson.
walking forward while dancing.
a person kicks low with his right foot then steps outward with that foot, stretching his right arm up and out over his head, holding it there.
a person is pushed forward.
person standing and falls forward, then regains balance
the man takes a quick step forward starting with his left foot.
a standing person sways from their hips left to right in three cycles.
a person sways from left to right.
the person was standing still been leaning slightly
a person raises their left hand slightly then place it back down.
the man is checking the time on his left wrist.
a man lifts his left hand in front of his torso.
a person stands from sitting position.
the person was sitting and then stood up
a person standing with knees bent and hands by his knees bends forward and down and then straightens up to stand tall with his arms by his sides.
a person lifts a large object up at waist height from their left and places it back down to their right.
a person picks up something on their left and moves it to their right.
man slowly moves object from left to right
a person steps to the left and raises their right hand above their head.
a person raises their right hand and steps to the left.
a person puts his right hand to his head.
person doing dance moves while walking forward.  looks like disco dancing.
a man lifts his right leg and shakes it, then jerks his right arm out and points off toward the side, before hunching and stepping forward.
a person poses with their right arm and leg out, wiggles as they step forth, ducks under and object, wiggles while stepping forward, then poses with their right arm and leg out again.
the man is doing jumping jacks
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a man does a work out. he takes a jump with hands on his side and then raising them up in the air and then come back to his normal position. he did this six times.
the man stoops to pat someone on the back then stands and walks away.
figure appears to be taking a knee in a huddle
a person kneels down with their right hand supported by a ledge.
a person takes a step diagonally to their right over an object
a person slowly stretches their right leg forward before bringing their left foot forward, trying to step over something.
a person takes a long step forward with their right foot, then brings over their left foot
a man marches sideways towards the left with elbows bent and arms moving.
dancing backward moving both arms.
a person walks to their right while facing forward.
a perosn throwed something with right hand
a person pushes something forward and then pulls it back.
the person is throwing a fishing line .
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person jumped while raised the hands and jumped forward
a person does jumping jacks
a man clumsily turns to the right while fidgeting his hands.
the man pats the ball and winds up to throw.
the person is going to sit down
a person walks in a quarter circle clockwise
the person slow walks forward while turning right
a figure walks forward and to the right in an arc
person slowly takes step forward.
person walks forward very slowly
.a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks slowly forward.
.a person walks forward slowly.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person avoids something, dodging to their right.
the person was driving to the right.
a person leans over his body with both hands in the air.
a person does a chicken dance on the spot and claps hands together.
a person clapping their hands and the dancing like a chicken
a person bends their arms and flaps them up and down a few times, then wiggles back and forth while squatting and then claps their hands a few times.
crouching and walking forward and cowering.
a person carefully walks straight, with knees slightly bent as if they are searching for something.
the person is walking around looking for something
the person brings their right hand to their face as if eating an apple.
a person puts his right hand on his head.
a person raises his right hand to his mouth.
a person runs sideways in a clockwise way, before running back counter clockwise to their original position
a person runs from side to side.
a man  jogging in a half circle.
a person sits on the ground and gets back up.
sitting down on the ground then standing.
a man sits down on the ground then lays most of the way down on the ground uses both hands to push off the ground and stand back up.
the person is pacing back-and-forth side to side.
a person walking left and then right
a person walks to his right and walks back.
a person with knees slightly bent spasms
the man balances on his left foot.
a person stands in place, with their arms shaking.
this person is sitting and rocking side to side.
a person person sitting, with its arms up is swaying side to side.
person leaned over and eat with his right finger.
a man is jogging.
stick figure is running in a straight line
a man jogs on a treadmill.
a man walking forward, spinning around on one foot, then walking back.
walking forward and then back.
a person walks forward, and then spins on their foot to head back where they came from.
the person pull the book from the shelf.
a person places or removes an object situated at shoulder height.
person pick up book from the shelf using his right hand.
a person jumps in place with very little arm movement, and ends in a standing position.
person jumps up one time
a person jumps one time straight up and down.
a person with its hand raised, gets down on to its knees.
a man goes from having his hands up ready to fight with right foot forward, to kneeling on his left leg, left hand back, and right hand on the ground.
person goes from standing to kneeling
a person dodging something coming at him and then sighs in relief that it didnt hit him
a person takes a step to his right.
a person jumps sideways to the right.
a person walks in a semi circle to the right.
a person walks to the right.
a person moves slightly to the right, takes two steps forward and then two steps to the right.
a person raising each hand above his head.
a person raises one arm at a time.
a person holds up there right arm with their left arm down, and then puts the right arm down and holds their left arm up.
a person giving a round of applause
person is clapping their hands.
he claps around a lot
a standing figure flexes his arms at the elbows, outward and in front of him several times.
waving hands side to side.
a person appears to be dancing like a chicken
a person walks forward and back.
a person softly walks forward, pivots on their right foot and walks slowly back.
a person walks forward then turns around and walk few more steps
a person waves with his left hand
figure raises left hand to wave towards camera and then relaxes.
waving arm above head.
a person boxes with the left and right hands.
a person punches in the air.
a man punches left than right.
a person runs forward in a  straight diagonal line
the man is running fast
the man runs forward as if his feet hurt.
a person standing bows once.
a person bends over and straightens back up.
person takes a bow for audience
the person was holding the right side of his head.
a person lifts his right hand to his mouth are and then puts it back by his side.
a person brings their right hand up to their face with the palm facing forward as if examining it and then brings their arm back to their side.
a figure leans on its left leg, spine arched in an agressive posture slightly swaying its shoulders
a person hunches his shoulders, puts his hands on his hips, pivots slightly to the right, and leans in on his right foot, as if to start walking somewhere in a deliberate and purposeful manner.
person stands with arms and legs apart.
a person sit down on the floor
a person moves from a standing to a squatting position and rests their right forearm on their thigh.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides bends his knees and sits down.
a person uses his right hand to pick up something from knee height to the left of him, turns and shakes his hand around should height to the right and then puts the item back.
a person bends to pick something up with right hand and raises hand up to do a rubbing motion.
a man picks up and object with his rights hand, shakes the object then put the object back in the original spot.
a person claps their hands.
a man claps his hands together serveral times, then lowers his hands back down to his sides.
a person claps their hands a few times while standing still.
a person is marching forward.
a person walking forward swinging both right and left arms.
a man strolls forward, swinging his arms.
a person is lifting weights in their right hand.
a person lifts a weight with their right hand.
a person is lifting a dumbell with their right hand
a person runs, hesitates, then runs again.
a person runs forward, pauses, and then continues running forward.
a person runs forwards, stops momentarily, and then begins to run forward again.
a person slowly walks from side to side going forward.
the person walks very slowly forward.
person is walking forward very slowly.
the person is swaying back-and-forth.
the persoon sways from side to side several times.
a person sways on the spot from left to right.
a person steps to his right.
a person steps to their right side.
a person takes a quick step forward and to the right diagonally.
a man throws with his right hand.
a person throws something with their right hand, following through with their whole body.
a man throws an object with his right hand.
a person slowly walked downstairs
a figure walks forward calmly
a person walks down stairs.
a person slowly jumped forward
a man crouches and then jumps forward a few feet.
the person jumps forward quickly.
this person reaches high with both arms.
a person throws both hands up
a person raises both hands above his head and throws something.
a man jumps and spins around.
the man jumps and spins clockwise in the air.
a figure stands hesitantly, then jumps and spins/twists in the air
moving the hands and work some thing.
a person plays a violin with their right hand in the air and their left hand holding the bow.
a person is playing the violin.
a figure lifts something from waist height then lifts and turns it to place it on a higher shelf or to pour it
the person pick something up tilted on its side and then put it back down.
a man lifts up something with both hands, then moves it over to something slightly to his right, before picking it back up and setting it down.
a person walks around to the right, then a few steps forward, stops, then walks backwards to the place they started
a person dramatically side steps forward then walks backwards.
a person side steps twice, then walks forward and back in a clockwise direction, then steps to the right
a person crouches, goes forward, jumps in reverse, and stands up
a person acts like a monkey and performs a back flip
the person takes a step back, then moves forward on all fours and ends with a backflip.
a man walks forward, then stops.
the figure walks toward the viewer and stops.
a person takes four steps forward.
a man sits down with crossed legs then gets up
a person crosses his legs and sits down maintaining that position.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides, bends over, crosses his legs and sits down, then uses his arms to push himself up almost to a standing position.
a person being pushed from behind and then trying to recover
a man walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward while stumbling slightly.
the person watch forward and is leaning over some thing.
a person stands still and then walks forward and leans down to wash something with his left hand.
a man takes 2 steps forward then leans down and wipes a surface with his left hand.
the person is chopping onions by holding the onion on the board with his left hand and chopping with his right hand.
a person holds something with their left hand, while chopping with their right hand.
a person standing while doing chopping action with both of his hands red side is chopping and blue one is holding
a man bends his shoulder down go the ground while standing with his left foot forward and both hands up on the left side of his face.
the man ducks to his right side the man ducks to his right side as if he's dodging something.
a person looks like he is dodging something
a person runs in place
person does an energized jog in place.
a person doing a short run in place
person walks forward very slowly
a person walks slowly in a straight line.
a person slowly walking
he stepped on step backwards and towards the right.
a person steps to his right side and back.
a person takes a large step back and towards the right.
the person picked up his phone to make a call and then put it back.
move hand toward face while sitting down.
a person sitting down, raises their right hand, sways very slightly to side to side.
a person walks forward slowly.
person is walking forward slowly
a man slowly walks forward
a person does a single jump
a figure jumps in place
person jumps up one time from a standing position
a person walks normally on a treadmill.
a person walks in a straight line.
a person is walking in place.
a person checks time from his watch raising his wrist and left hand up
the person moves their right hand up to their chest and puts it back down.
a individual is standing in place raising their left hand as to check their wrist watch.
a person is walkinf slow in a straight line
the person is walking very slow
a person is walking very slowly forward.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides raises his right hand and waves, then returns his hand to his side.
a person gesturing with their right hand similar to waving a greeting
he shakes his hand around
a person uses his right hand to scratch his head
a person scratches their head with their right hand
person scratches their head with their right hand
a person walks forward and to their left
a person walks straight and to the right.
a person jumps and turns to his left
the person jumped to the right.
this person jumps and turns left.
the man is doing step over gap
a person carefully walks forward.
a person takes 5 steps forward and stops.
the person is walking in a forward motion while their right and left arms are swinging in alternating direction, one goes forward while the other goes backwards.
a womanly figure walks forward, strutting
walks forward and stands still
a person has their arms to their hips and leans forward and backward.
a man stands with his hips apart and slightly leans back.
a person who seems to warm up by slightly bowing
a person is sitting with both arms out in front of themselves holding something, then they move their right hand away and make sliding motions with it.
a man is crouching and moves his right arm slowly up and down
sit on the floor and moving the hands.
person raises left arm out to the side.
a person lifts up their left arm to the side.
someone raises their right arm and then puts it back down
a person is standing still with their arms raised out at the level of their shoulders.
the person is holding both hands up about shoulder height.
the person stands with their hands stretched out in front of them.
a person is stretching their left leg.
a person stretches their left leg by pulling the foot to the hip. they then rotate to the left
a person grabbed the left leg with the left hand, and start stretching
a seated person is holding food in both hands and eating.
a person is sitting with both hands near his face.
a person is lifting weights.
a person is playing golf
the person was doing a golf putt.
this person has both hands as if to grip a golf club.
rubbing belly while standing in place.
a person rubs their abdomen then takes a drink of something with the other hand.
a person slowly stumbles forward while holding his stomach
a person walks in a circular path and waves once with their right hand, takes a few steps and then waves with their left hand and continues walking.
a person walks in a circular fashion while waving to people.
the person is looking around and waved to someone.
a person is acting comedically.
a person has has both hand held up that they through out and down continuously
a person stands qith both hands in the air and knees slightly bent, then proceeds to throw something forward, then throw something to the right, then throw something to the left.
a person walks in a curve to their left.
a person takes four steps as he moves to his left and stops.
this person is walking to his left.
the person did a deep bow
someone leans forward appears to be bowing
a person leans forward from the waist.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person calmly walks forward in a straight line while slightly swaying his arms back and forth opposite eachother.
a person walks forward in a semi straight line
a person moves from side to side in a dance motion
a person does the charleston dance with their partner on the left side.
a person does  some dancing moves with their feet.
a person crosses their arms to their chest.
a person crosses their arms, then uncrosses them.
he crosses both of his arms
person is a rolling his arms.
a man brings his arms up to his midsection and rotates his hands around themselves a few times, then makes alternating patting motions with them, then makes scooping gestures with his right hand.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a man takes three steps forward, leading with his right foot, and then stand still
this person slowly walks forward.
a man walks forward with both arms at his side.
a person jumps with both arms raised twice
a man raises his arms and jumps in the air 2 times.
the person hops up twice.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person is walking forward.
the person walks forward quickly.
a person using the right arm to reach for something.
a person put his right hand on someone's shoulder
a person steps forward and puts their hand up.
he did two jumping jacks.
a standing person spreads their hand and feet apart jumpingh and swinging their arms and legs towards themselves and out again
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
the person is standing still with his arms that aside.
a person is doing jumping jacks
person makes uppercut boxing motion
the person is boxing giving an upper right
a person throws their right arm in an uppercut gesture, though moving much more slowly; their left hand remains up near their face.
person is playing catch with someone
a man throws something and then brings arms back like a pitcher
a person throws something with their right arm, and then catches something with their hands.
a person appears to be throwing an object with their right arm.
a person slaps something out of another persons hands.
a person swats with their right hand while shifting slightly from side to side.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides moves four steps backwards starting with his left foot and comes to a stop.
the sim walks backwards down the plane.
a person walking backwards in a straight line
a person touches their head with their right hand.
a person raises their right hand above their head, then sets it back down.
the person is rubbing the top of his head
a person starts to walk forward with feet wider then normal apart and then jumps.
the man walks forward then uses his legs to jump up in the air.
a person slowly wlaked forward and jumped
a person touches the upper right arm with their left arm, then bends down and extends hands out as if to put something down.
a person puts their left hand on their right bicep and brings it back down again.
a person standing looks to grab something with their left hand and then put it down infront of them
a person extends their right hand and shakes it.
the person is shaking hands with his right hand.
person moves right hand forward and moves it up and down.
person is warming up upper body
a person stretches their arms, moving the shoulders, elbows then wrists.
a person warming up their arms for something
a figure walks forward confidently
a person walks forward slowly.
person is walking straight ahead
person makes kicking ball motion left leg
the person kicks an object
a person kicks something with their left foot.
the person slide left his right foot.
a person steps to the left with right leg up and then steps back into position
a person leans forward and kicks lightly with their right foot.
a person is performing jumps
a person jumping vertically in air.
a person squats then jumps upwards.
the person is walking back-and-forth in an s shape.
a person walks forward and then zig zags to avoid an obstacle.
a person walks in a s shape.
a man walks forwards down some stairs while holding the handrail with his left hand.
a person walks down stairs, holding the rail with their left hand.
a person walks down steps with their left hand on a railing.
a person casually walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
a person begins walking forward and then curves to his right and continues walking, then stops.
a person waves with their left hand
person waves their hand at another person.
a person waves with their left h
the sim walks in a loop fashion from one side of the plane to the other before turning around.
a person walks around aimlessly.
a person walking around in a circle
a person moves upper body slightly to the left while raising a bent arm.
a person punches with right hand
a person is standing and covers their mouth.
a person who got up from a sitting position
a person stands up from seated position without using hands or arms for assistance
a person crouches then stands up.
a person raises their left arm slightly.
both arms are drop down towards the side of the body and the left hand goes to the chest and back down.
a person checks out their left arm.
a person slowly walks forward while veering to their left.
the person was walking and stepped over something.
a person steps over a hole.
moving hand in a circular pattern.
a person stands still while making a horizontal circular motion with their right hand
person puts right arm in front of them stomach height and waves side to side
a person walks forward up a slight incline.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward up a slight slope.
this person wiggles his upper body while raising his arms above his head.
a a person raises their arms above their head multiple times.
a person raises both arms up and down while shaking his body.
the person is john going forward.
a person ran in the place
a person jogs in place
person is playing catch with someone
a man throws an object with his left hand and then catches an object with both of his hands.
a person throws something and then catches something.
he stood still while clapping his hands.
this person stands in one place and claps.
image raises both arms and claps both left and right hands together.
person picks up something and looks at it
the person is looking at something through their camera.
a man lifts his right hand up for a moment and then lowers it down.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks to his right.
a person walks while turning right.
a person raises both hands to their side then bends them inward.
the person is wiping his arm and putting them in a circle
person stands with right arm raisesd up to side and left arm slightly lower then then puts left arm down to groin then puts both arms up with elbows sliightly bent
a person turns to the right, walks forward and looks around all over.
a person crouches slightly, takes a few step and raises their right hand over their head, then takes another few steps and again raises their right hand over their head.
he starts looking around slowly
sit on the floor and shake the hands on upward direction.
a person squatting raises their right arm then puts it down then does the same with its left arm multiple times.
a person is sitting and moving around his arms.
a man turns on a hair dryer and walks in a circle as he dries his hair.
a person stands in one spot and moves their arms together and then raises their right arm. they walk to their left and then turn counterclockwise and stop while raising their left arm in the air.
phone made a call and then put the phone back down.
a person walks to the left, sits down stands back up, and then walks back
the sim walks to the opposite end of the plane, takes a seat before standing back up.
a man walks then sits then then gets back up and walks back to the original area.
a person with arms bent, holds them up to chest level
a person stands still with their hands out in front of them.
this person stands with both arms raised and bent at the elbow.
a person walks straight ahead.
walking straight forward then stopping.
person is walking straight ahead
a person is walking and gets pushed to the right
a standing person walks forward then to their right side slowly then stepping forward and waking in front of them
this person walks forward then stumbles right and left.
a person scratching their head
person raises right arm and scratches where their head would be.
man scratching his head with his right hand
the man is doing arm circles.
a person does circular motions with both arms.
a person makes several arm circles with both arms in front of their body.
the person is jogging back and forth.
a person ran right side, and after backed to the left, and backed to right
a figure turns then runs to the right, then turns again and runs to the left, in a figure eight pattern
a man raises his left arm to his shoulders and moves it back down to his side.
a person is raising their left arm up in the arm and then putting it back down.
the person is taking off their shirt.
the sim raises both hands to their face.
a man raises his hands in front of his face then lowers then back down.
the person is looking at someone through binoculars.
a person runs towards the right side.
a man jogs forward several steps.
a person is running in a straight line.
a person walks forward while bending down, sits down cross-legged, then gets back up.
a person sit on the floor and crossed the legs
a person sits on the ground and stands back up.
a man lifts an object on the left side with both hands and then places it on the right side with their left hand on top.
a man lifts something up with both hands, moves it over to something to his right, then puts it back down in its original position.
person standing straight, then with both hands reaches to the right. hold that position for two seconds and return to the standing rest position.
a person skips from right to left then walks slowly.
a person skips and then walks.
a person skips forward and to the right.
person dancing back and forth and then raising both legs
a person is awkwardly shuffling around a room, maybe dancing, maybe exercising but cannot be sure.
man going for a short run then turning around and going back.
a man shrugs over and over again.
a person raises both hands slightly and lowers them
a person starts with their hands raised, lowers them, raises them again, lowers their hands, shrugs, and raises their hands a third time before finally lowering them.
a person is walking straight, using their left hand to grab something for support.
a person walks forward using his hand against something to hold his balance.
the person was walking holding on to a handrail.
a person jumps up  and then stands on both feet.
a man standing there jumps up.
a person jumps in place
a man walks quickly forward a few steps, then stops in a standing position.
a person saunters towards the front.
a person is walking forwards fast
a person jumps up and turns to the left, landing facing towards the right of the screen.
a person standing and jumps to the right side.
a person hops and turns to their left in mid air.
stretching arms above head.
the person stretching his arms over his head.
a person just woke up and do starched his body.
a man walks forward slowly, hunched slightly and with both arms bent and at his sides, before he stands to full height.
this person walks as if to sneak up on something.
the person is doing a sneaky walk.
the person lift the dumbbells over their head
a person raises their arms from their head to above their head and repeats.
the person with lifting a dumbbell over their head with both hands.
a person is walking while using a hand rail.
a person descends stairs slowly while holding onto the rail.
a person is walking while holding onto something with his right hand.
a person steps forward with right leg and then swings right arm trying to throw a ball underhanded.
a person throws underhand with left hand.
a person throwing a pitch with left arm.
man reach down lift up with hands and turn body to the left with left hand reaching out min forward motion.
a man picks something up in his hands and then puts it back down.
a person picks something up with both hands, brings it upright, then sets it down.
a man drinks from a bottle using his left hand.
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it with their left hand.
a person has their forearms raised in front of them, then lowers them.
this person raise both hands to face then kneels down as if to tie shoe laces.
person rubbing his head, then bends down to tie his left shoe.
a person hollers with their hands around their mouths and then bends over to tie their shoes.
a man gets down on his hands and knees.
a man takes one step forward, drops down on 1 knee and lowers his back and both hands, then lowers the other knee.
a person steps in and knelt down with his hands on the floor.
walking forward then slightly bending down at waist and touching a surface from right to left
a person walks forward and picks something up
the person is wiping something with a sponge.
the person hit the bar with his left arm.
person makes a throwing motion with right hand twice.
a person swings his arm over his head and throws something
a person brushes something off of their pants.
a person rubs his right hand near his hip
a person brushes the front of his pelvis several times.
a person warms up pectorals by moving arms inwards and outwards.
the man exercises his arms by waving them inward then outward.
person moving hands in various motions
a person takes a few steps with his arms held at his sides and limping slightly, before ending in a standing position.
stick figure stands still before walking forward and sort of stumbling
a person walks forward then stands still for a few seconds.
a man walks forward and turns to the left.
a man walks to his right in a half circle.
a person walks curved to the right.
this person raises his left arm into the air.
a person raises his left hand.
he lifts dumbles then stops
a person walks into a path leaving a trail behind
the toon is walking down a short plane at normal speed.
a man walks forward with his arms slightly outstretched as if for balance.
a man is in a seated postion. he alternates between moving his right and left hands in a driving motion.
a sitting person gestures with their hands.
from a seated position, the person is facing away from us with their arms bent and reached out ahead of them, and they move their right arm up while their left arm goes down, back and forth, motioning as if to turn a wheel
the person is jogging in place.
a person jogs in place.
runing backward on that standard place.
a person sits down, takes a drink, puts the drink back down and gets back up
a person takes a seat and answers a phone then stands back up.
the person walk sideways inside down.
this person jumps up and down on his right leg.
a person jumps vertically on the spot.
a person jumps up and down multiple times.
the person was lifting a dumbbell with his left hand
the person is doing a bicep curl with his left arm.
this person waves with his left hand up and down.
a person slowly walked forward and stopped
the person was normally walking forward
a man walks forward and then turns in the opposite direction.
the man is lifting weights with his right arm
a person lifts something with their right hand twice.
raising arm up and down.
the man walk and turn like a haf sercle and stops.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left
walking forward two steps, he then steps and turns to his left, walking in a counter-clockwise arc.
figure walks upstairs using hand rail.
this person walks up a couple of steps.
a person walks up something while holding something with their right hand to help get up.
a person uses their left arm to make a circular cleaning motion in front of them.
a person moves his left hand in a counter-clockwise direction.
a person uses their left hand to make a counter clockwise, circular motion at waist level.
a person through punches with both their hands.
the person was boxing to the left.
a person punches to the left with the left hand then the right.
a person is standing and adjusts their weight to lean more on their left side.
a person slightly sways to the left then right.
a person who is standing moves his body and shoulders slightly to the left and returns to his original position.
a man pretends to hit a volleyball
a person bumps a volleyball.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides leans forward, brings his hands together and tosses an object underhanded before stepping back and resuming his standing position.
a person who stands with his arms out from his sides throws four punches with his right hand.
a person throwing jabs with left hand
a person stayed on the place and after grabbed something with right hand
a person walks forward, slowly.
the person is walking forward but he can’t bend his legs.
a man staggers forward a few steps with his legs wide apart.
the man drops his raised hand to make counterclockwise circles with his hands.
person is putting his arms down after holding them out to their side.
a person raises both hands to chest-level, then does two circular motions with both hands, the right going counter-clockwise, and the left going clockwise.
the figure takes a step backward with hands braced to boost the figure up into the seat that they move themselves up into the seat stepping with their left foot up and hands guiding behind them before sitting down and then getting back up.
the person is getting up on a barstool.
the man sits on the chair
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
person walks forwards then walks back where it started
person walks forward, then walks back
a person waves in front of their face with their right hand.
a person lowers his head forward and raises his right arm to scratch his head, and then lowers his arm.
a person who is scratching their head
the arms barely curled moves to the right.
person appears to pick some thing up with both hands then puts it down towards they’re right.
this person acts to move and lift something to the right.
a man takes three steps forward and then takes two steps backwards. he then walks forward again, taking four steps.
someone stumbling forward a few steps
a person walks forward then backwards then continues to walk forward.
the person is putting his camera to his eye to focus on someone.
a person brings their right hand to their mouth and takes a drink
a person drinking something or holding a phone
a person raised the both hands and show some jesture
a person moves their arms in front of them close together and then far apart, several times.
moving hands towards chest then up and down.
a man raises his left hand to this face then lowers it back down.
person slowly raises left arm towards mouth gently.
the person is putting his hand to his mouth.
a person walking strait with its legs in front of the other like a feminine walk and arms on its side swinging to it's movement
the person walks straight forward while slowly moving their hips
a figure walks forward slowly, strutting sexily
a person runs sideways and stops at the center.
a person sprints back and forth from left to right.
a person turns to the left jogs two steps forward, turns 180 degrees and jogs four steps forward, turns 180 degrees and jogs two steps forward  then turns their body 90 degrees to the right.
a person uses both hands to throw an object.
a person raises both arms and performs a throwing motion from the right shoulder.
the person threw a ball and then caught the ball.
the person threw both hands up.
a person jumps with both arms in air.
he starts throwing both hands
as a person walks forward, a squiggly line forms in between the legs on the floor.
the person walk forward and stepped over something.
walking forward very swiftly and confidently.
a person walking in a strait path at a slow pace with only four steps with it's arms on it's side.
a person walks forward with their hands at their sides.
a person slowly walks forward in a larger stance.
moving hands in a circular motion.
a person raises and lowers their arms at their sides, and then circles them in front of themself.
the man has his arms straight out then drops them into circle motions.
a person dances energetically in place by swinging alternating legs in front and behind themselves. they dance with with their arms lightly swinging at their sides. the person then finishes dancing and walks to the left.
a figure jazzily dances in a nineteen twenties style
the person is dancing the charleston.
a man walks forward with arms relatively stiff at sides.
the person walks forward and speeds up as if pushed from behind.
a person saunters forward slowly.
walking forward with hands covering face.
person takes a step forwards with right leg, then puts both hands up in front of face as if defending himself from something, then quickly kicks out with left leg.
person is getting ready to kick box.
a person stretches each leg then touches their head.
the person holds his right foot with his right hand. puts his left foot up and right hand up too
person stretches right quad with the right hand, then the left quad with the left hand, and then stretches their side by reaching the right arm to the side overhead
the person is throwing some thing with both hands.
a person jumps/hops into the air while both arms are raising up.
moving legs and hands stay stand.
a person squats down and picks something up from the ground with their right hand. they then stand back up.
a person squats and picks up an object from the ground.
a person steps forward with their left foot, leans over, and picks something up with their right hand.
a person walks forward swinging its arms.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides quickly takes six steps forward and stops.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person is standing up straight, with their arms stretched out. they then bring both hands toward their face simultainiously.
while both arms face outwards, a person moves the hands towards the cheeks of the face. while hands are on the face, the person moves face from side to side.
the person is focusing the subject in his camera.
a person's squats down using mainly their right leg, their left leg crosses their right leg, and then they stand back up
someone sits down crossed legged then stands back up.
person slowly sits on the floor then gets back up
a person raises both arms waist-high, grabbing the right forearm with the left hand briefly, then returns to rest.
the person is crossing his arms.
a person crosses both arms in front of them then lowers arms back to their sides
a person walks forward then back while looking down.
a person is pacing the floor.
he casually walked up then turned around.
person takes on step backwards
the man is recovery stepping
a person is stand and then takes a step backwards.
a person limps with their right leg hurt.
a person is dragging their left leg while looking around as if frightened
a person who seems to have hurt their right leg and starts limping
a person jumps up, flips backwards and twists in the air, landing on their back.
person swings arms, does a back flip, but twists midair and lands flat on their back.
the person did a backflip and landed on his face.
a person walks towards his left.
a person walks forward to the left side.
a person walks forwards while turning slightly to the left.
person goes to sit on an object
person turns and then sits down
a person with a red left leg and a blue right leg doing a sitting motion.
a person walks up a slope.
a person takes two large steps forward.
a person takes two steps forward
a person tosses out a small object to a crowd
moving arms in and out.
moving hands and through some thing on the floor.
a person walks to his left.
a person waves hand in front of his face swiftly from side to side then walks off.
a standing person waves their left arm and then begins walking towards their left.
a person stands with hands at shoulder width and waist height but slightly in front of their body then reaches for thing above in the middle and below with their left hand.
a person raised the left hand
a person lifts their left hand and lowers it three times before going to the center.
walking forward and then back.
person walks forward and immediately turns around and walks backwards.
a person walks forward and then pivots and turns in 180° to the left
a person lowers their left arm and then raises their right arm to their head for several seconds until lowering it
a person looks to be drinking something from their right hand
a figure seems to be gesturing to a map or visual in front of their eyes
a person sits down on something and then stands back up
a man takes one step back, sits down, then stands up and takes one step forward
a person sits down then stands back up.
a man staggers in a confused direction.
person is walking forward in a wiggly line.
person is walking forward in a sloppy way
a man juggles two objects with both of his hands.
this person is practicing juggling
person does a juggling motion with arms while taking small steps left and right
a person climbs the stairs while holding the hand rail
person with arms spread wide as if holding a bar, jumps straight up, steps forward and to right and begins to climb steps with left arm holding steady on handrail
with their hands held up a person makes a small jump, takes a step forward then walks up a short flight of stairs holding the hand rail with their right hand.
the man is warming up
a person rolls shoulders.
a man scrunches his shoulders, then walks forward, then scrunches his shoulders some more and prepares for a fight.
person stretches both arms up and then put arms down.
person stretches arms above head while standing
a person stretches both arms upward above their head, grasping their hands together, and leans to the left and right repeatedly bending from the hips.
the person walk upstairs then turn around and walk back downstairs.
a person hold on to a rail with their right hand and goes up stairs, then turns around and walks downstairs.
a person climbs up a short set of stairs while holding the railing, and then they turn around and walk down while holding the railling.
a person walks into the room, picks something up, then sets it back down and walks away.
a person quickly walks forward, bends over to move something, turns around, and quickly walks back
a person walks forward, lifts a small object, then walks away.
person takes longer steps, walking forward confidently.
a person takes four steps forward, then stops.
the man walks then runs
a person is walking backwards at a leftward angle and is constantly checking their surroundings to make sure they do not hit something.
a figure steps backward slowly while looking over their shoulder
a person walked backward in right direction and stopped
the person is running normally.
a person was running on the place
a person jogs forward slowly.
person walks holding a big box walks slightly off balance
a person's walking forward quickly while holding something that they seem to be balancing or positioning.
a person is walking forward and carrying something with both hands.
person is walking backward slowly
moving backward on the floor.
a man takes several slow backwards steps, keeping his arms low at his sides.
a person is walking forward while swinging their arms
a person walks forward slowly.
person catwalks down an aisle
a person stands on the ground and taps their foot four times.
a person slightly swings their right leg.
a person scratches the ground with their right leg.
a person runs very fast in a diagonal direction.
running in a diagonal line.
a person is running and then turns slightly to the right
the person is walking with support.
a person walks forward and leans on a counter with their right hand.
person walks slowly swinging right arm before leaning into it
a man is walking forward stumbles and goes to the ground and get back up.
a person slowly walked forward sit on the knee and stand up , and after went back
person walks forward bangs head and then  sits down raises arms then gets back up
the person is bouncing to do boxing.
a person was jumping forward and backward
person is in fighting stance with its arms hanging waiting for something to happen.
a person squats and stands.
a person stands in the same place, raises their arms slightly before bending their knees and doing one crouch.
a person squats then gets back up.
this person jabs with his right hand.
little man does a mean right hook.
a person is in a boxing stance and then throws a right hook.
person falls forward one step
a person is pushed forward one step.
the person was pushed from behind.
the person is walking forward very fast.
person quickly moves straight forward before coming to a stop
person is walking speedily forward
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the figure walks in a clockwise circle, stopping at their starting point.
a person walks forward, then squats down deeply with both arms outstretched in front of the body as if picking something up.
a person slowly walked forward and grabbed something
a person walks forward and leans over to pick something up with both hands.
this person swings arms out to his sides then forward.
a person lowers their arms from their side, then raises them in front of them and lowers them.
a person raises their arms simultaneously out to their sides and then re-raises them again in unison out in front of them, bringing them back down to rest at their sides.
a man turns and kicks at something low on the ground with his left leg
a person turns to the left and makes a low kick with their right leg.
a person kicks with their right foot
a person walks forward, twists around, and walks back.
the man is looking forward and turning around and walking the other way.
a person walks forward, then turns anti-clockwise 180° and walks back.
a person stretches both their arms and holds the right arm up for a while and then stretches both arms again.
a person who is standing with his knees bent and his hands on his thighs reaches up with both of his arms, holds his right arm up while his left arm drops, drops his right arm, then lifts both arms out from his sides again.
a man squats and raises his both arms wide apart,lowers the left one down followed by the right one and then repeats.
person appears to walk forward then liens on some thing with both hands then walks backwards to where they started.
a person walks forward, bows with the right foot forward and right arm forward and then walks back to stand in place.
a person walks forward leans on the table in front of him and walks backwards
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
the man raises his right hand to his head, then returns it to hang at his side.
a person lifts their right hand up to their face, holds it their briefly, and then lowers it back to their side.
the sim walks across the plane in a loop fashion before stopping near the end of the space.
a person walking straight sidesteps right around something.
a person gets pushed from the left while walking.
the person walks backwards in a slight zig zag.
a person walks backward quickly.
a person walks backwards slowly
a person, standing in horse-stance, is adjusting their hands while crouched.
the man is squatting or in a seated position and is motioning as if he is driving a car steering wheel.
a man is squating with his arms flexed, and he alternates lifting each arm higher than his head.
a man puts hinds hands up goes forward abit puts his hands on the ground lifts them up from it and kneels
a person raises both arms out to their side with palms down, takes right step forward and kneels down with right hand supporting them.
the person is kneeling down with their right hand.
the person walks forward very slow
person slowly walks forwards, his arms at his side facing down.
walking slowly forward, slightly rocking side to side
a person turns to his right to pick up a telephone, hangs it up, and then turns back to his left.
the person takes a step back with his right foot and puts his right hand to his face
a person turns to the right, steps back and then faces the left and steps forward.
a person jogging in place.
a person moves in a jogging motion in a counter clockwise circle.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides looks forward while jogging in a small, counterclockwise circle.
a man walks straight, then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forwards then turns around on their left foot.
a person paces forward, turns around and then walks the other way.
this person jogs forward quickly.
the person is jogging forward.
a person runs forward with both arms swinging, when they stop, they put their right hand on their hip.
a person steps back and sits down, then stands back up again and walks forward
the person sits down and stands back up.
a person steps backwards and sits down, then stands back up.
person is standing forward doing jumping jacks.
the man is doing jumping jacks
person proceeds to perform jumping jacks.
a person is writing on a chalkboard.
the man is writing on a chalkboard
raises right hand makes 3 small clockwise circles lowers right hand raises right hand waves then lowers right hand
the person is pouring out of a bottle.
moving arm up and down near chest.
a person picks up something, shakes it, pours something, and sets it back down.
a figure moves their arms diagonally up and down.
a person stretches his arms behind him twice with the right arm up and left arm down, and then does the same stretching movement twice with the left arm up and the right arm down.
a person standing up rasies both their hand left up as the right one goes down and once again
a man hops repeatedly on his left leg.
a person jumping on one leg
a person hops in place on their left foot.
the person is kicking with his right leg.
a person kicks something with his right leg
a man kicks his left foot into the air.
the person is jumping up and down.
to jump, reposition your feet to shoulder width apart, bend your knees and push off the ground from the balls of your feet.
a person jumps up.
a person throws a left punch to someone's gut
man stands in s defensive stance with right leg in front and left leg behind and punches fast in front of him with his left arm then goes back into his stance.
a person hit wth a left hand
a person walks forward and looks up.
person takes 5 steps forward
a person walks straight forward and stops.
person is going down the invisble stairs
a person climbing down the stairs while safely holdoing on to the rail.
a person holds on to a railing and descends downwards.
a person walks down a ramp, first to the left, then to the right.
a man walks in a zig zag line
the person stumbled a little bit and walked forward.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a person does two jumping jacks.
person appears to do jumping jacks.
a person punches the air with their left hand
a man stands straight up and swings his left arm to the right in front of his while twisting at the waist.
a person with both arms bent at the elbows, close to the body, reaches with the left arm across the body.
a figures hands are near its face, preparing to pitch, then the figure slowly performs the motion of pitching
he does a trial upperxut
the person is clasping his hands together getting ready to pitch the ball.
a person is lifting their arms up from the elbows and stretching their arms above their head.
a person is doing arm stretches
a person stands still and lifts an object over their head with both arms
a person raises their hands toward their body repeatedly.
a person that lifts both of their hands up twice
someone is lifting weights with both hands their arms are in front of them and it is bending at the elbow in a curling motion.
a person raises both hands to their face then drops them to their sides.
a person lifts up both of their hands then drops them.
the person was sitting still to get his picture taken.
a squatting person puts something up to their head.
a person squats while quickly moving their hands back and fourth held up at shoulder height.
a person is crouching, puts their right hand up to their face, and jostles their hand near their mouth.
a person runs up and down a small hump.
the person is jogging forward diagonally.
the man quickly runs forward with his arms in running position.
a person spins in mid air.
a person spins while 90 degrees right while jumping.
the man jumps up and twirls his body in a full circle before his feet touch the ground again.
a man holding his arm up in a defensive stance with the right side of his body forward, staring with his left leg the man begins to shuffle backward 4 steps.
the person is retreating from being hit.
with both hands up the individual retreats backwards.
a person dances and twists feet on the spot.
a person dances on the spot, twisting their knees and raising their arms.
the person dances by sliding their arms and legs side to side.
a person walks with a slightly angled direction, and smooth hip motion.
a person slowly walked forward
a man is walking forward fast
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person jumps and moves their arms and legs outward and then inward.
a man, about face, raises both of his arms in the air and knocks with both hands.
a person puts their hands above their head and appears to hit with both hands.
the person is banging on a high object.
a person catches a small object and lightly throws it overhand 4 times
a person tosses and object with their right hand, catches an object with both hands and repeats the motions.
a man waives his hamd, jams something into his palm, and put it away.
a man does a high knee kick with his right knee traveling slightly forwards then walks to original position to do the same kick with his left knee
a person  jump kicks a couple of times with their right leg.
the man dances forward and kicks with the right foot  dances some more the kicks with his left foot.
a person walks forward, then pivots and swivels to their left before walking back.
a person walks forwards, turns left, and walks in the opposite direction.
the person walk forward then swung around and went the other direction.
walking forwards and backwards in a line.
a person walks foward and turns around on left foot and walks back
a person walks forwards, spins around and walks back
a man reaches his right arm in front of him before putting it down.
a person standing and lifts arm
a person points forward with their right hand.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls across the floor and stands back up.
the person got down and is crawling.
a person walks up and over an object
the figure picks his legs up and swings his arms as he starts walking down the street.
a person walks forward slowly, lifting each foot behind them a bit as if wearing boots.
a man walks forward bends at the knee to pick something up then turns around and walks backwards.
a man walks forward, strecthes to reach his toes, then walks back.
a person bends over and picks something up.
the person is bowing over.
a person bows twice, step to the side and back.
person is making bowing gestures
a person brings his arms out to his sides, then jumps, spinning around to face the opposite direction.
a person is standing straight, hands down beside their hips,s bends slightly at the knee and then jumps to make a 180 degree turn counter clockwise, landing facing the other direction.
a person jumps and does a half turn counter clockwise
a person punches left and puts their arms down.
a person punches with their left hand
person raises both hands in front their face, before quickly jabbing outwards with their left hand, before returning to their starting pose.
a person looks at the bottom of his left shoe
the figure is reaching and stretching it's left leg
a person leans forward to lift up their shoe and examine it.
the person jogs on the treadmill
person is running on treadmil
a person is jogging normally
a person waves with his right hand.
a person stands still, while waving with their right hand.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person is walking in a counter clockwise circle whilst always facing forward.
a person walks in a circle while facing forwards
a person stumbles in a circle while stepping
a person is sitting and then makes a phone call
this person is sitting and uses hands as if to use a phone.
a man is squatting while bringing an object to his face.
a person carefully steps to the side, going to their right first and then their left.
a person awkwardly side steps slowly to the left and then to the right.
a person steps sideways to their right before stepping sideways to their left.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward, takes a big step in between.
a man walks forward, swaying slightly from side to side.
a person waving his hand.
person appears to be waving their right hand
a person is wiping something with their right arm.
he casually walk which a vivid arm swing.
a person walking from one end to the other.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a person takes two steps, first with their left foot and then their right.
person picks up something and opens it
a person steps forward, picks something with right hand, then lifts it.
the person walks forward bends over and moves their hand as though they are shaking a bottle
person walks forward, bends at waist and adjusts something
the figure steps forward with their right foot and over something with the left, picks something up with the right hand leans over slightly and shakes something.
a person waves enthusiastically with their right hand.
a person lifts their hand and waves hello.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
person walks forward and curves to the right.
a person walks in an arc to the right then stops.
a person walks to the right.
this person jumps and walks up to the front.
a person standing in a t pose, performing a hop and then started walking
a person hops and then takes a few steps forward.
a person walks forward and then wipes their feet on the ground.
person is walking forwards upstairs.
a person walks forward then climbs up some stairs.
a person leaned on the floor and start walking
a man goes down onto all fours and crawls around in a circle.
kneeling down then crawling forward.
the person walks forward then heads back the opposite direction.
the person is making a left turn.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
person is walking and turning left.
a person walks up and then turns left.
a person walks forward, spins left and continues walking.
a person walking gets pushed to the left.
a person walks forward and then stumbles to his left
he pushes recovery right then stops
a person who is standing on a balance beam takes three steps forward and then steps down off the beam.
a person slowly walked forward
the person takes 4 steps swinging their leg out for each step, on the last step its twice as far.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
person walks in a diagonal direction and then walks back to where they started.
a person walks forward seven paces, turns around 180 degrees, takes another seven paces and stops.
a person is running forward.
the person runs forward using both legs and feet.
a person runs forward quickly.
a man walks towards the camera moving right to left with a constant tempo between each step.
a person walks forward
a man walks forward with his arms stiffly at his side.
a man standing and later shuffles his shoulder to the left.
a person bend the body to right direction
a figure sways his upper body from side to side once.
a person walks forward and then appears to bump into something, then continues walking forward.
the person was walking forward them backed up.
a person walks forward and bumps into something.
a person who seems to be on the phone
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his right hand, stares at his hand before lowering his it to it's original position and looking forward.
person holds hand up near their face and head.
a person walking in a counter clockwise direction
person appears to walk in a circle clockwise.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person leans to his right and stretches his arm.
a person raises their hand and bends to the side then begins to lower their hand.
the sim has their left arm raised, appearing to stretch their body towards their right side.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
the person is jumping up and down with his hands up.
a man  jumping putting his arms closer together over his head and spreading his legs apart.
a man stands with his knees bent.
a person standing with its arm spread apart and then moving both arms down to its side
a person stands still and does nothing.
a person side steps to the right 3 times then to the left 3 times then to the right once more to end where they started.
person steps to the right two steps then steps to the left two steps then steps back to where he started.
figure appears to be side stepping
a person is standing, before moving into a crawling position, crawling forward & then turning around crawling backward before standing back up.
a person goes down to the ground and crawls back and forth.
user slowly bends to ground an crawls on the floor in a circle
a person unzips his pants with his right hand.
a person makes a ballet motion, then separates their arms.
a man bends his right forearm towards his upper groin, and moves his hand from the upper groin area to the lower groin area.
a man sidesteps slowly in a circle.
the person is walking back-and-forth side to side.
a person runs around awkwardly.
the man is moving his left arm
this person slowly moves from left to right as if to be gentle.
a person picks something up with both hands, moves it to the side, and then places it back down.
a person paces frustratingly to their right then left.
a person takes a few mild steps to the left, turns around and walk back to the right.
a person paces back and forth as if they are  waiting for something
the man jumps twice i think
a person jumps up and down.
a person jumps twice on the spot
a person leans forward on their left foot and then back.
a person stretches leg and warms up.
this person sways side to side with arms bent out to the side.
a person slightly squatting with right and left arms, placing them on knees, and then, lifting arms again.
a person with his arms to his side places them on his legs and then back outward
knees bent, arms held directly at the sides, a person brings his arms in, hands together in front of his body, pauses for several seconds, and then returns to his original position.
the person with getting in the stance to throw the football.
person is getting ready to throw a ball
a person uses their right hand to throw an object in front of them
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward before taking one big step, then one normal step and then stopping.
a person slowly walked forward
takes a step then takes one larger step with the other foot.
moving arms up above head then out.
a person uncaps a bottle, drinks from it, and then recaps the bottle
a person appears to open a drink and raises it to their head with their right hand
a person crosses their arms.
a standing person crosses their arms.
a person crossed the hands
a person walks forward and slightly to his right at a normal pace.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
person is walking down a ramp or hill
a person punches left, right, and then left again.
a person standing up is making boxing motions with their left and right arms
a person punches to the right then straight ahead and then to the right again.
a figure stretches its arms and then its legs
a person stretches their arms out to the side.
a man stretches out his arms and then stretches his right leg.
a person frantically runs forward.
a man suddenly rushes forward, pumping his arms vigorously.
a person turns very fast towards the right side.
person was walking forward for steps.
a person walks forward in a natural gait then takes one longer step with the right leg.
a person walks forward avoiding a gap.
a person reaches down and lifts a heavy object with both arms.
a person looks back, carefully sits down, then gets back up.
the man walks backwards to sit in the chair
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, kicking their heels up as they step, then stops.
a person slowly walked forward
a person throws and object with their right hand
a person throws something carelessly in front of them with frustration.
the person is doing a throw the ball movement
someone scrolls from right to left and then stands
a person shuffles 2 steps to the left, 3 steps to the right and 1 step back to center.
walking from side to side then stopping.
a person casually strolls forward.
a person walks forward in a straight line putting his heel directly in front of the toes of his other foot.
a person walks in a straight line as if on a balance beam.
the person is holding up a telescope to the right.
a figure holds their hands up to their shoulders almost to gesture to call to someone but then doesn't do it
person stands straight bringing his bith hands up and to the right tilting hos upper body a little than gets back to the begining position.
a person raises his right arm in front of himself, swings it over to the side, then lowers it.
a person makes a wide, flat, arcing motion with the right hand across the body.
a person moves his right arm straight up and then to the right while standing still.
a figure walks backward slowly
a person walks backwards.
walking straight backwards then stopping.
a person runs in place
a person jogs in place.
the perwson jogs in place.
a person begins walking forward first with their left foot, taking wide awkward steps as if they are stepping around or over something; begins walking towards the right and then slowly continues to walk to the left, then continues to walk towards the right coming to a stop off to the right side.
a person slowly stepping forward trying to avoid some things on the ground.
a man walks forwards carefully with wide and uneven steps.
with his left foot behind him, a person bends his left leg at the knee and moves his body in that direction as if warming up for a sporting event.
a person is leaning to the left.
a person is standing in stance while shifting their left hand.
a person is seen to be sitting down and then gets back up
a man standing turns left and walks backwards.
a person takes a step backward, then sits down using their hands to lower themselves, then stands back up.
a person dances forward then twist and dances back to beginning space.
a person dances forward, turns around, and then moves back to their start position.
the sim is dancing across the plane, from one end to the other shaking all of their limbs.
a person grabs his left wrist with his right hand, rests his arms, then lifts them slightly again and returns them to a relaxed position.
a person puts his hands together.
a person looks at their left wrist, then swings his hands
a figure dances jauntily in place
person is performing dance moves
a person is dancing in one spot.
a person kicks with their right foot.
a person kicks a ball with their right leg, and lets their arms swing around as they regain their balance.
person kicks a ball forward
a man takes a few steps backward.
a person stands still for a moment before they take a step back.
individual pauses then takes a few steps back
a person waves with their right hand
stickman's right hand waving five times with full motion from elbow to hand extensions.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his right arm and waves five times before returning his arm to his side.
man lifts right hand and waves for awhile and puts hand back down at his side.
the toon is standing in place, swaying slightly as they wave their right hand.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his right hand and waves while taking a slight step to his left, then drops his arm to its' original position.
a person jumps over something.
person bends both leg's and jumps forward
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends forward, takes a big leap and lands on both feet.
the person is standing still then spreads is arms straight out the side of em.
the person is leaning with both of his hands on his legs.
the person puts their hands on their lap and then t-poses.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a figure steps forward then back again, one arm folded inward, the other extended in a dance
a person dances in a square.
stay stand on the place and run.
a standing person is using both their left and right foot to do a slow jog in place
someone is running in place and then stops.
jumping up and down in place.
a person does a jump
a person jumping up with both knees high to their chest
a person is golf putting a ball.
a person holds their hands together below their waist and swings their arm.
a person grasps something and then does a hitting motion.
a person raises their arms and throws them back down in frustration
a person raises their hands and then swings then down and swings their right hand around in a angry fashion
a man turns slightly then brings his arms up over his head and slams them down in a frustrated manner, before sweeping the air in front of him angrily with his right hand.
the toon is walking in a zig zag motion, shuffling a bit at the end of the "plane".
a person walks on stepping stones.
a person takes deliberate steps, some much larger steps and some much smaller steps, to cross stepping stones.
a person holds an instrument that looks like a violin in their left hand and then plays it with their right.
the person is playing the violin with his right arm.
person lifts left hand still and lifts right arm and goes in back and fourth motions
the man is walking straight backwards
a person walks backwards in a straight line
the man takes 5 steps backwards.
the person stomping with his right foot.
the man stomps his right foot.
a person is stomping their right leg.
a person pushes something away and then twists around.
the person is twisting around walking on the path.
moving the hands go forward and backward.
a person raises their right and and then their left
a person stretching out their arms.
the man raises one hand int eh air and shakes it then does the same with the other hand.
a figure scrapes their shoes off on a mat.
figure appears to be climbing up an object
a man walks up some stairs, leaning heavily on something for support with his right arm.
person does light bouncy jump, skips forward with left leg swinging forward
a person hops forward and kicks a soccer ball with his right foot.
a person kicks a ball.
person down on hands and knees stands up
a person with their knees on the ground and their hands, gets up.
the man was down on his knees and come back up and has a standing position.
the person was walking to turn right.
someone moves to the right side and stands
a person walks forward and turns to his right.
person starts with both arms extended out to body then moves forward one foot in front another same line then stops
a person walks forward, using his hands at his side to hold stability.
a person who is standing with his hands out from the sides of his body, drops his hands, starts walking forward, grasps the hand rails on both sides and carefully walks forward before stopping.
a person looks back and carefully takes a seat on some edge.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides looks to his right, steps back, sits down, stands up and steps forward.
a person sits down and then gets back up
a person is doing jumping jacks.
man stands in place while performing jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person seeming to be squatting forward pushing a heavy object in front of them.
a man is bending forward and after waiting, walks forward in staggered motion.
a person bends over to push a heavy object using both hands, legs, and feet over the ground.
a man uses both hands to lift something around thigh-level and sets it down a couple feet to his right.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person picks up something, then moves it to the right.
a person slowly walks forward.
a figure walks forward slowly
a person walks slow a few steps forward.
man runs left from the middle, then all the way right, then back left and stops at the middle
a person begins from a standing position, begins to run to their left, turns around almost immediately, runs several steps, turns back around, and returns to their starting position.
running from side to side.
a person raises their left hand slightly, then sets it back down.
moving arms side to side.
a person lifts their right hand to their face as if they were drinking something.
person jogs forwards while turning slightly to the right.
a person runs towards the right side.
a person climbs up a set of stairs, turns around, and then walks down the stairs.
the person going up the stairs and down the stairs
a person walks up a few stairs, then turns around and walks back down the stairs.
a person bangs something to a table with both hands.
person is crouching down posing.
a person hits a large drum while in a crouching position.
person stands forward still then moves back
a man walks backwards a few steps.
the person is walking backwards  in a straight line
a person takes one giant jump to the right.
this person from a standing position jumps to the right and stops.
a person jumps to the side, before moving to a rest position.
moving arms above head.
a person puts both hands in the air.
man walks raising hands up
the person does a short slide to the right.
person steps to the empty space on the left.
a man looks both way, then steps to the side.
a person turns around and does jumping jacks.
a man turns around and does jumping jacks.
someone is facing backwards, turns around and does one and half star jumps.
the person is waving hello with his left hand.
a person waves with their left hand.
waving the blue sided arm very fast for 3 seconds
a person walking and taking a turn to the right
a person walks forward and circles to the right.
a person walks and bends left
a person steps to the left then crouches down and gets back up
a person crosses their legs and squats down.
a person walks towards the left before crossing legs and crouching down and standing back up.
a person standing, makes small hops, shaking his hands by his side.
shake on the spot and shake your wrists, ensure that they are lose.
jumping uo and down in place.
a person underhand throws something with their right hand.
the person toss the ball under hand.
a person rolls objects forward with their right hand.
person steps out with large step to there left with left leg
a figure safely steps to the left avoiding something.
a person takes a big step sideways to the left
a person walks several steps backwards.
the person is walking straight backwards.
a person is walking backwards.
this person walks quickly forward.
a person walks quickly forward.
a person takes some purposeful and quick strides forward, then starts to slow down.
a person raises their hands and brings them closer to their face then lowers them
person lifts hands up in front of face
the person is focusing a camera on someone.
a person running very fast and then taking turn to their left
a person running and turning to their left.
a jogging stick figure turns a looping left
the person is squatting doing a left arm lift.
person starts in t position, lowers their left arm, then resumes t position
a person lowers one arm and raises it back up.
a person pivots slightly and then throws an object with their right arm.
a man stands and moves his right leg backward and moves his right hand foward trying to throw something hard.
the person is throwing something hard.
a person runs in place, and then springs to the right, then to the left, and back to their starting position.
the person is jogging in place.
person runs on the spot then runs left then right then left again into middle
a man steps over an object while walking on a diagonal.
a man walks forward and to his right, stepping over something and then turns around and walks back.
a person lowers their arms, jumps, and then walks forward.
a person does a star jump then walks forward
the person jumps and walks forward
a person is sitting and puts their left hand to their head, and their right foot up on their left knee.
a person is sitting down, using a phone with their hands and puts it up to their ear.
this person is seated and appears to play the drums.
the person is running at a normal speed.
a person jogs in place
a person ran on the place
person bends down to feel something on the ground then stands back up
the man is moving his hands
person bends down to tie their shoe
the man is walking forward
a man walks, then picks up an object then walks to the opposite end of the room.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
the person starts lifting their arm up
a person is waving both arms.
person stretches arms out and lifts them above shoulders repeatedly before letting them fall back down.
the figure takes five steps facing forward as on a runway show.
a person walks a few paces forward and then stops.
the person is walking forwards.
a standing person slowly walks with their left foot first and then their right foot after in front of their left foot
a person takes one step, raises their hands above their head, and walks in a straight line.
a man puts his hands above his head and walks in a straight line.
raising arm as if to shoot a basketball.
a person throws with their left hand.
a person does a throwing motion with their left arm.
this person stands still and raises both hands above his head.
stretching hands up while standing still.
a person stretches arms up together above head.
the person is walking very carefully over a balance beam.
a person steps onto a balance beam and walks across
a person steps onto something and carefully walks across it, holding their arms out for balance.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person walks in a circle towards their right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person raises their left arm and streches to their right side.
the person stretches its blue side upward then back to neutral position.
a man bends to his right and brings his left arm up over his head, then returns to standing position.
the man does push recovery stand
a person walks a few steps backwards while raising their left hand above their head appearing startled.
a person is pushed by an unseen force, and then manages to recover to their standing position.
a person leans their body to the left and looks left to right.
moving body from side to side.
a man leans to the right and looks around.
a man falls down to his left, then regains balance and stands straight up.
a man falls towards his right and takes a balancing step.
a person falls to his right.
a man steps forward rhythmically, moving his arms up and around and out as he walks around erratically in a dance.
person is performing a dance
the person is walking around with his hands out in front offering something to people all over.
a person looks at their right wrist and lowers it.
a figure checks the watch on its right wrist
a person raises their right hand slightly while tilting their head towards their hand.
person sits down with legs bent with knees up and does a couple rowing motion with arms before standing back up
a person sits down, then gesture both hand forward and backwards, then gets back up.
a person sat down, began making rowing motions and stood up.
a person runs and stops.
a person pauses after stepping forward, then takes off running.
a person runs, stops running and starts again.
a person gets pushed from his right side, stumbles to his left, and then he regains his balance as he looks back to see who pushed him.
he gets pushed to the right
a person appears to be pushed and stumbles to the right.
a person walks straight forward.
a man walks in a normal gait forward.
a man walks forward before stopping.
a man kicks with his left leg- first up, then to the left, then backwards.
the person did a front kick a sidekick and a back kick.
the person is acrobatically raising their leg up high
a person skips to the left, skips to the right and back to the left.
a person strafes to the left, then right, then left one last time
a person takes two lateral skips to her left, four to her right, and another two to her left.
a person steps to his right.
the person moving right side of the located.
a person sidesteps up a step to their right.
a person picks something up, rubs it and puts it back down.
bending down then moving arms.
man reaches right arm down towards left leg then left arm down to right leg; creates stirring motion in the air with right arm and reaches left arm down to right leg and right arm down to left leg.
the sim is standing at a angle, with their left arm extended.
a person leans to his right and brings his left arm over his head
a person warms up body with side stretch
a person seeming to be sitting down and reaching over seeming to be taking a drink and sipping from it.
while sitting a person raises his left hand to his face and back down.
a person is sitting down and moves their right hand in a circular motion then looks down and lowers their arms.
a person grabs something from his left side, turns around and puts it on his right side
a person standing bens slightly at the waist forward to pick something up with both hands, tilts it to the right using the left hand, returns back to the starting position, and sets it back down.
person opens drawer then puts something in it
a person walks slowly forward.
the person is walking forward very stiff.
a person is walking forward without bending their legs.
a man jogs in a very wide counterclockwise spiral, moving his arms.
a person jogs in a counter-clockwise circle.
person is jogging in circular pattern
something or someone pushed him from behind and he walked forward.
a person jumps then walks forward.
the person is standing with arms lifted outwards, they then bring their arms in and use this momentum to jump in place. they catch their balance before walking forward and stopping in a posed position
person walks forward in casual way
a person walks forward, slowly.
a figure walks forward confidently
a person lean walks swinging their arms, then raises his hands above his head openly happy.
a person daps as he walks and then lifts arms.
a person jaunts happily along, moving their arms joyously, and then brings up their arms when they stop.
a person walks forwards and takes a wide step to the right, then a wide step to the left.
the person was pushed but managed to stand up.
a person begins to walk forward when they are pushed to the right, then they move back to the initial line of walking
a person stands while holding something in his left hand up to his head and then returns it
a man makes a quarter turn counter-clockwise, raises his hands to his head, lowering first the right then the left, before returning to his original position.
a man turns to his left, then brings his hands up, and holds his left hand near his face before setting it to his side and turning to his right.
a person walks straight and rests his right feet.
a person walks and the stops to raise their right foot
a person walks forward then raise their right
a person that picks up a item lifts it to the right and places it back down in the same position
a person remains standing while moving downward, back up, to the left, and back centered.
person lifts something and moves it to their right side.
the right hand goes to the stomach, pauses, and placed back down to the side.
this person is standing still and looked at his arm as if there was a watch.
a figure brings its hand to its chest, tapping it twice
a person walks while hunched over.
the man runs haphazardly while hunching forward.
a person hunches over, walks forward and then continues to walk forward towards their right.
someone nervously pacing around in a circle
the sim walks forward, reaching the end of the plane and looping backwards again.
a person is walking around.
a person swings its arms as they jump up and down once.
a man jumps and folds his arms in front of him.
a man takes a big leap.
a person breifly plays an imaginary viola.
a man holds his laft hand up then swipes his right hand across his left hand then stands still again
a person holds their left arm out and gestures across it with their right arm.
a person walks backwards with right leg first
a person walks backwards on their toes
the man takes 13 steps backwards.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
taking steps in a forward motion
a person walks casually forward.
person is kicking an athletic ball
the person kicked something quickly.
moving arms around and standing on one leg.
a person walking to the right and then to the left and then to the middle
a person walks slowly to the right, then left, and stops in the center
a person who is pacing back and forth.
a person is running on the spot.
a person jogs in place.
a man jogs on the spot for a few seconds.
a person lifts both hands in front of their face then lowers them back to their sides.
the hands meet to the chest and back down to the hips of the body.
a person brings their right hand to their head.
a stick figure jumps side ways.
a person takes a jump sideways to their right.
a man jumps to his right.
a person bends their knees into a slight squat before jumping forward.
he jumps forward straight and parallel
a person jumps forward using arms to gain momentum.
a person walks to the left side.
a person walks forwards and to the left.
a person walks, gradually turning left, and stops.
a person does jumping jacks
a person does jumping jacks, raising arms and spreading legs in unison.
the person is jumping and putting their hands up.
a figure walks foreward slowly with shoulders slightly hunched
a person walks forward several steps.
the person is walking add a medium speed.
a person raises both arms to his face, then drops them back to his sides.
a person raises both their arms and then places them back down.
raising arms towards the face
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides, turns his head and body slightly to his left before walking forward four steps and stopping.
a person glances to the left and then walks forward.
a person walks forward.
man walks down a line and slightly veers off to the right.
a person walks forward a few steps.
a person walks quickly and stops.
a person slowly jumped back
a person jumps up and down twice.
a person jumps up once using arms for help
a man stretches arms overhead then lowers them extended to both sides back to resting
the person is doing an arm stretch.
the person is stretching its arms outward.
a person is pushed and stumbles forward.
a man stumbles over, but he doesnt fall.
a person loses balance and moves forward with both hands going backwards and their head going down.
a person steps back and starts sitting down before changing their mind and jumping up
a person sits back into a chair and then stands back up.
figure goes while forward a step backward then sits down then up.
a person, with arms spread and bent at elbow, repetedly raising hands above head before moving them back to shoulder hieght
a person does repetive overhead presses.
a person is moving his hands up and down.
a person washes their body with their left arm.
a person moves their left hand in a counter-clockwise circle shape over their body.
a person is washing their upper body.
the person is doing a russian dance
while not a perfect specimen, a person is asked to demonstrate a russian dance move.
a person folds his arms, squats and kicks feet out alternately.
a man walks forward at a moderate pace.
a man walks forwards quickly for a few steps.
person walks forward quickly and stops
the person swings a golf club.
a person swings a golf club.
a person stands, bent slightly forward, holds onto something with both hands and swings their arms as if they were hitting a golf ball.
the person t-poses twice while standing still.
the person extends their arms to the side
a man is lowering and raising his arms out to the side.
a person kicked something with left leg
a man kicks his left leg.
a person takes a left step forward then back to the same spot.
the man walks forward and turn 180 degrees around then squats down.  after this he stands back up and walks forward a few steps.
a person slowly walked forrwad, and sat down on the floor
a person walks down a ramp swiftly. then they turn around and sit down for a couple seconds with knees up. they put their hands down on the ramp. then they use their hands to get up and walk back towards the top of the ramp while their arms are swinging
a figure in the sitting position shouts with his left hand cupped
the person is calling with his left hand.
this person is seated and appears to use something held close to face.
person balancing on a board.
person is trying to balance.
the figure appears to be dizzy or confused
a person takes something in front of them and sets it on the ground and repeats.
a person uses a rag to clean a wall and then dips it into a bucket to clean it.
person is pouring some thing with his right hand.
a person stands motionless and then takes one step backwards and to the right.
a person slighlty moved in right direction
the man takes a small backwards step.
the man is crossing his arms
person moves arms one on top of the other
the person posed with their arms crossed.
a person holds both arms out to the sides, drops his left arm, and then raises it back up before dropping both arms down to his sides.
a person holds out their right arm and then both arms.
a person raised the both hands and after pull down the left hand
a person stands from sitting position.
person stoops slightly then bends back up to a standing position.
the person was sitting and stood up.
a person walks side to side going downward.
a person walks forwards leisurely.
a person walks forward with slow but purposeful steps.
a person dances briefly and then performs a backflip.
the person jumped and did a twist and landed on their feet.
a person jumps around from one foot to the other and does a backflip.
a man brings both hands toward his face and then puts his arms down.
a person raises both their arms then places them back down.
the person raises both hands to his face and holds them there for a few seconds.
the person did quick jumps twice.
person jumps in the air twice
this person is jumping in the air.
the person is walking up the stairs and then down the stairs.
the person walks upstairs then back downstairs
a person walks up a set of stairs and then back down the stairs.
a person crosses their arms.
a person crosses their arms
a person crosses their arms then uncrosses them
the person is getting ready to relax.
a person standing with hands up by chest, right  leg steps back.
person stands in a fighting posture then moves still to side
standing in a karate ready stance a person uses their right hand to taunt someone into fighting.
a person waves something over and then gets in a fighting position
a person steps forward and moves their hand to beckon something/someone and then steps backwards.
the man is drinking with his hand
the person is drinking from a bottle with his right hand.
a person fiddles with something with both hands then raises right hand to their head
a person stands up from a kneeling position.
the person was down on his knees then he stood up.
a person uses their left arm to help them stand up.
the person bends down and picks up an object from the ground.
a person steps forward with right leg then reaches down with right arm to pick something up.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides bends forward and picks something up with his right hand, then returns to his original position.
a person kicks back their right foot.
person was stomping with his right foot.
a person lift left leg up and back down.
the man is doing parkour
walking in a random pattern.
a person walks from side to side in a curving motion.
the man moves his arms from right to left as if he is picking something up
a person lifts an item with both hands tilts it to the right and then places the item back down
the sim is standing still, appearing to be grabbing an object before replacing it.
a person slowly stand up
a person on all fours stands up
a figure begins in crawling position then stands up
a person waves both hands.
lowering arms to side then raising arms back up and bending arms at elbows repeatedly
a man brings his arms down to his side, then stretches them out to either side, bends the arms in a waving motion, lowers them to his side, then extends them back out.
a person walks straight forward.
man walks forwards with his arms hanging by his sides
a person carefully walks down a slope.
a person runs moderately in an oval shape
a person runs in a counter-clockwise circle.
person is running in a circle
a person picks up a small object to their right, and then walks forwards.
the person was walking forward.
person reaches with their right arm down to pick something up, then proceeds to walk forward holding the object.
the person is lifting their arms above their head stretching
person person is stretching with his arms up and back down again.
a person raises his hands above his hands and waves.
a person brings his arms which were in the air along his body. his knees appear to be bent.
a person stands still and does nothing.
a person remained sitting down.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walking on a balance beam.
the person is walking forwards stumbling.
the person slowly works forward, using both of their legs and feet.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward very slow
a person picks up an object and places it to their right.
moving hands side to side.
person raises arms down and move them left pauses for a few moments then returns to original position
this person jumps a long way forward.
a person starts by standing and jumps forward by a little bit.
the person jumps once forward
a person walks forward, grabs something with their left hand then walks backwards.
the person is mixing egg whites.
the man walks forward a short distance then pick something up off a table he's moving it in a circular fashion as to whisk something.
figure walks forward, raises foot to step up and over, uses other foot to drop down, walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward with their feet parallel. they hop over an object and walk forward
a person walks forward, steps onto and over something, then continues walking forward.
a person walks forward and then looks like they walk up some stairs
someone walking forward then going upstairs
a person walks slowly forward then takes several steps upwards as if walking up stairs.
person is walking in backwards motion
a man walks slowly backwards, stops, raises his hands quickly, then takes one step forward.
a person sways while walking backwards.
person is doing squat exercise
a person squats while holding their hands up level with their head/
the person is lifting dumbbells both hands.
a figure walks forward and then turns to the right and keeps walking
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides steps forward and then angles to his right, keeps walking and stops.
man walks in a clockwise motion and stops halfway through.
a person walking slightly than average
a person who is standing with his hands down by his sides takes four determined steps forward and stops.
a person walks down a hill.
a person who is poised to run, jogs a few steps forward, then pivots to his left and jogs five more steps.
a person runs forward and then suddenly cuts right and keeps running.
a person runs forward, jukes to the right, then runs diagonally right.
a person is punching with their left hand.
a person raises their arms, the punches with their left hand.
the person lifts both hands up and punches with their left hand.
person raises arms and moves clockwise
a man waves both his arms.
a person is spreading out his arms.
a person picks something up, holds it up to the left, and then places it back.
figure stands, turns right with with left hand raised at shoulder height and right arm below, then turns back towards front and drops arms to side.
a person pours something from their left hand into their right and then sets both objects down.
a person seems to be in a fighting stance and moving around a ring.
person shuffles quickly to the right then shuffles quickly to the left.
a person side steps back and forth jogging.
a person bends down and lifts up something.
a man bends his knees to pick up an object on the right side with both hands.
someone bends over to the left and lifts a large object with both hands.
the man is walking forward
the person is walking down the slope.
a person walks forward downhill.
a person raises their right hand up to their head then places it back down.
person lifts food to mouth and starts chewing
a figure scratches their face
a person bends his right arm, raises it chest high, and then returns it to his side.
a person puts their right hand over their chest.
the person play something on his left arm.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
a person is walking and comes to a stop.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walking in a left curvature
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides steps forward and continues moving to his left before stopping.
a person moves in a curve to the left side
a person does jumping jacks.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person performs four jumping jacks.
a person hops 5 times on his right legs walks backwards 4 steps then forward 4 steps
hold the left leg and jumping go backward and come forward.
a person hops on their right foot, walks backward, and walks back forward to their origin.
the person squats then takes a jog
a person bends down, then bounces back and forth between their feet.
this person is lifting weights and then jogging in place.
a person walks backwards in zig-zag motion
the person slowly takes two steps back
a person standing up, leans their back and neck slightly forward, then looks behind them over their right shoulder, then they take one step back with their right foot first and begin to cautiously walk backwards, then they stop.
person takes step forward with right leg before kicking out with left foot, swinging left arm simultaneously.
a person slowly walked forward and kicked with left leg
a person lightly runs forward for two steps, swings their leg as if kicking something, then returns to rest while swaying their arms.
a person puts their right hand to their face.
person is looking at someone through a binocular.
a man lifts an object to his head with his right hand.
a person holds their hand to their face.
the person is saluting with their right hand.
a person raises their right hand.
the person bows its head forward
a person stands still and then bows forward using only their torso as a pivot point
a figure bows slightly to the back
a figure does jumping jacks
the man does 3 jumping jacks.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a man stretches out his right arm across his body with his left hand holding his right arm.
a person crosses their right arm with their left arm over the left side of their body, and then stretches their right arm out straight.
a person stretching their right arm
a person is lifting weights with both arms.
a person lifts both hands into the air.
a person performing double handed bicep curls
a person catches with both hands and throws underarm with right hand.
a person appears to be throwing something
a person catches something, throws it back underhanded, catches another object and then throws it back overhanded.
a person walking forward, then a 180º clockwise spin, then walking back to the starting position.
a person takes two long, deliberate steps forward. on the second step, they pivot and turn 180 degrees, stepping back to their starting position.
taking a step than twirling in the other direction
person stands side on with left arm extended above head
a person stands with their left arm extended over thier head, bends thier left am slightly, leans backward, and then returns to their original position.
the person is doing arm stretches.
a person takes a step forward with their right leg, bends down at the waist, and then picks something up from the ground with their right hand.
the man places the ball on the floor
a person grasping both of his hands together and then taking one step with his right foot and reaching on the floor with his right hand and then back to his original position
a person raised the both hands and crossed them
a person folds their arms in front of their chest then lowers them back to their sides.
the person standing there with his arms crossed.
a person stomps their left foot.
a person bends his left knee while raising his left leg off the ground and bending to his right at the waist.
a person raised the right hand
the person says they are out.
a person stretched the ahnds and cross them
a man crosses his arms together then puts his arms back at his sides
person brings left arm up and bends it to stretch it backwards
the right hand goes upward towards the face and back down to the hip.
the person is taking a book from a shelf.
a person dances rooted in one spot by first spinning their hands around while dipping a knee to each side and then continuing to dip to each side while the hands go up and down and out and in.
the person was doing a comedy move.
person is doing a dance
a person walked forward in left direction adn jumped
a person who is running launches off of his left foot, jumps forward, lands on both feet and continues running.
the toon runs then jumps.
the man walking steadily towards me. he iswinging his arms very steadily. beat outturned and posture straight he is moving quite steadily and vigorously.
a person walks in a straight line, grabbing onto something on the left periodically for support.
a person walks diagonally to the left while bracing themselves on objects to the left.
the man strokes a guitar one time.
a person raises their right arm and strums something with their left arm
the person was playing the guitar with his left hand.
a person gets on his hands and knees and crawls forward
a person gets down and crawls around.
a person gets down and crawls forward
a person spinned the handsa and bend on the knee and hit something
the person windmill swings both arms in a vertical motion back and forth while lunging forward, then while lunged they move their hips back to rest on their back foot. at the same time swing their left hand to behind their head eith the right hand still in front of their face.
a person frantically waves their arms around before getting into a fighting position and making a punch.
person jumps and spins in the air 360 degrees clockwise
a man bends slightly, then jumps and spins in a circle, ending in a standing position.
the person jumps up in the air with both legs
person walks forward, turns and walks back
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a figure walks forward then spins on their heel and walks back
walking backwards and then stopping.
a person walks backwards before stopping in a standing position with their legs close together.
person is doing a backwards walk
a man raises his right arm up to his head, brushes it, and then lowers it to his side.
a person stands still and raises their right hand, brushing it through their hair.
a person rubs their head from the front to the back with their right hand
person turns one direction then other direction standing feet apart and arms side to side
the person looks confused and is looking up
a person is looking around, turns to the right, then looks around again
a person walks while holding on to something.
a person is walking while holding onto something.
the person is walking holding on to a hand rail
a person waves with their left hand
a person slowly waves goodbye as if sad to see them go.
a person raises his left hand to say goodbye
the man walked up steps turned around and walked back down.
a person raises their right arm then walks up something, turns around then walks back down.
a man slowly climbs up stairs with his right hand on the railing and then climbs back down the stairs with his left hand on the railing.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise direction at a steady pace, while moving both arms.
a person walks in a oval shape, counter clockwise not completing an entire loop.
a person walks in a circle, counterclockwise.
a person holds their hands up to their face while sitting down
a person who is sitting is holding some kind of food in front of his face.
the person sits down while eating a hamburger
a person walks forward then around off to the side.
a person walks slowly forward and to the left.
the person was walking towards the left.
a person steps backward to their left before sitting down, and then stands back up.
a hunched figure turns his head to look behind him before taking a few steps backward and sitting in a chair.
the person sat down to pose for a photograph.
the person is doing a punch karate kick.
a person hit with right hand and walked backwards
a person punches once, walks to the back and then comes back to the front of the screen.
a person appears to have body shakes while squatting.
a person is doing a movement which imitates getting ready for fight stance or warming up before doing exercise
a person squats slightly and jitters one hand
a person curves to the left while walking.
figure moves left to right stands facing wall
a person walking towards the left in a curved path.
a man is holding his arms up and out to his sides then drops them down, he lifts his right hand and moves it from left to right in front of him then from his head to his waist and forward and back in a cross pattern.
a person with their arms out to the side moves their arm down, makes a cross shape in front of them, then waves their hand horizontally
a person has both arms up to their sides and brings them down. takes right arm and make a cross sign in front of them.
the person walks down a series of stairs.
a person walks straight forward and at a medium-slow pace with their arms hanging down the side of their body.
a person just walks forward in a straight motion.
the man windes  up and throws a ball.
a man sets up to pitch from his right pitches then repeats this action
the man is trialling to his upper left
the person is doing light hopping up and down.
a person is lightly hopping in place.
a person hops in place 5 times.
a person standing up steps back causing him to kneel down and crawl forward
this person takes two steps back in a diagonal direction then gets down on their hands and knees in a dog pose then crawls forwars 3 times
a person walks backwards and then crawls forward
he does a big long jump
a person jumps forward with both legs and the continues walking until reaching the other side.
a person jumps forward three times and then walks a few steps
the toon walks across the plane at a normal speed.
a person seductively saunters forward.
a man paces cautiously but swiftly down a ramp.
person walking back towards a chair and then sitting on the chair while their hands are on the armrest
person moves back slightly and sits down then gets back up
the person is standing, then takes a couple steps back before sitting. afterwards the figure resumes standing.
the man does a basketball shoot
moving hands around then walking forward.
a person takes a shot in basketball
a person bending their elbows in front of them similar to bicep curls
a person standing raises both their arms slowly and then put them back down.
person person is lifting up dumbbells.
a person walking down with both arms raised to the air
a person walks along a beam while balancing
a person walks forward while holding their hands over their head.
someone walks and with his right hand seems to touch something
walking forward then to the side.
a person walks forwards and seems to run something along a tall surface.
lifting right arm above head
a figure mimicks a grabbing motion as if removing clothing
person lifts right arm from in front of torso to over the head.
a person picking something up from the left and then placing it right
a person reaches form something on the left and moves it to the right.
a person picks something up and pours it out then sets it down again.
the person got down on their knees and hands and crawl across the floor.
band on the floor push the hands and move front and stand up to wake.
a person gets on their hands and knees, crawls, then stands up.
